MRIWA Report No. 494: 
Mapping the Chemical Architecture of Gold Camps
MRIWA Project M494 2017 - 2019
Final Report, November 2019Authors: John L Walshe, Adam B Bath, Renee Birchall, John M Miller, Marcelo Godefroy-Rodriguez, 
Margaux Le Vaillant, Tina D Shelton, Jessica M Stromberg, Ka�e E Woodall & Michael Verrall
Lorem ipsum
1REPORT NO. 494
Mapping the Chemical Architecture of Gold Camps
Results of research carried out as MRIWA Project M494 
at the Australian Resources Research Centre (ARRC), CSIRO
By 
John L Walshe, Adam B Bath, Renee Birchall, John M Miller, Marcelo Godefroy-Rodriguez, 
Margaux Le Vaillant, Tina D Shelton, Jessica M Stromberg, Katie E Woodall & Michael 
Verrall
November 2019 
Distributed by:  
MRIWA 
Mineral House 
100 Plain Street 
Perth WA 6000 
to which all enquiries should be 
addressed  
© Crown Copyright reserved  
2M494 Final Report Table of Contents  
Executive Summary: M494 Report (p4)
Synthesis Chapter: Minerals industry template for mapping Au systems and 
recognising the key chemical gradients in Archean gold system s (p7)
Adam B. Bath and John L. Walshe 
Fluid pathways and alteration zonation patterns linked to gold mineralisation in 
sediments from Carbine Area and Papa Bear prospect (p35)
Adam Bath, Natalee Bonnici, Kaitlin Catalano, Royce Haese, Cheryl Workman-Davies, John Walshe, 
Renee Birchall, John Miller and Tina Shelton 
Mineral Mapping of the Kundana Au system and the Frog’s Leg deposit and envi rons 
(p135)
John L. Walshe, Renee Birchall, Tina Shelton and Adam B. Bath  
Report to GSWA: Study of EIS DDH MEDD144 Frog's Leg Deposit  (p161)
John L. Walshe, Renee Birchall, Tina Shelton and Adam B. Bath 
Litho-geochemistry and multiple sulfur isotopes signatures of the Kundana gold camp  
(p183)  
Marcelo Godefroy-Rodriguez, John L. Walshe and Adam B. Bath 
Alteration Zonation and Structural Controls on Gold Systems in the Yamarna Terrane, 
Yilgarn Craton, W.A. (p198)
Adam B. Bath, John Miller, John L. Walshe, Renee Birchall, Katie Woodall and Tina Shelton 
Mapping the chemical architecture of the Mount Magnet Gold Camp (p329)
Renee Birchall, John L. Walshe, Adam B. Bath, Jessica M. Stromberg and Tina Shelton 
Integrated Geological, Geophysical, Lithogeochemical, Structural and Alteration 
Mineral Mapping for the Southern Yandal Belt, Western Australia (p399)
Renee Birchall, Margaux Le Vaillant, John Miller, John L. Walshe, Adam Bath and Tina Shelton 
Mapping the Chemical Architecture and Structural Setting of the Wiluna Gold Camp 
(p511)
Adam B. Bath, John Miller, John L. Walshe, Renee Birchall, Margaux Le Vaillant, Tina Shelton and 
Michael Verrall 
3Executive Summary M494 Report  
The 
aim of the project is to provide the minerals industry with a practical template for 
mapping Au systems and targeting high grade gold resources leveraging off high impact 
research of the last two decades. This project studied deposit- to camp -scale alteration 
patterns with the aim to understand fluids that drive key reactions. The project ran for a little under 2 years starting in September 2017, involved 7 industry partners and the Mineral 
Research Institute of Western Australia (MRIWA). Case studies w ere conducted in 1) the 
Kundana and Carbine camps (Northern Star Resources and Evolution Mining); 2) Yamarna Terrane (Gold Road Resources); 3) Mount Magnet camp (Ramelius Resources); 4) 
Bronzewing camp (Echo Resources) and 5) Wiluna camp (Blackham Resource s). Below is an 
overview of key findings, and a look at some of the common threads that link alteration patterns to fluid chemistry.  
Gold mineralising systems form through chemical reactions that destabilise gold in 
solution, leading to the precipitation of gold. Large fluid volumes are considered  responsible 
for the transportation and precipitation of gold. Models predict that flui ds move ppb levels of 
gold along structures and precipitate gold at key sites (i.e. structural jogs  and other 
dilatational features).  Models frequently show fluids derived  from the lower crust migrated to  
the upper crust along major structures with gold deposited along secondary str uctures. These 
crustal fluid s are accepted to largely be H
2O-CO2 rich fluids. However  as shown here and in 
earlier studies (M410 and M452) fluid pathways in Archean gold systems are not limited to the host structure. Oxidised (anhydrite -stable) fluids can form broad alteration zones that 
cover cubic kilometres  of the footwall. Those types of fluids are well -developed in the 
footwall of the deposit in the St Ives camp such as in deposits like the Victory -Defiance 
deposit and East Repulse deposit. They can be unambiguously linked to gold mineralisation linked through S-isotopes (δ34S
pyrite = <-5 ‰), biotite chemistry  (F-rich footwall and lode 
with gold) and paragenetic relationships. Those data show that gold mineralisation occurs at 
the transition  between oxidised and reduced domains (largely defined by sulphide and 
sulphate mineralogy) .  
Anhydrite alteration , however, is not often  associated with  Archean gold systems; 
although detailed mineral mapping using the SEM shown through this study demonstrates 
that these zones are far more common than previously considered. All gold camps studied 
4through the M494 project contain anhydrite domains. The Kundana camp, Wiluna camp and 
parts of the Mount Magnet camp contain the most notable anhydrite domains. At Kundana 
and Wiluna anhydrite appears temporally linked to gold mineralisation. Spatially anhydrite 
domains do not coincide with the best grades of mineralisation; however like the St Ives 
camp, the transition from the anhydrite- stable into pyrite and/or pyrrhotite stable domains 
correspond to where best grades occur. For example, t he >1.2 Moz Pegasus deposit (Kundana 
camp) occurs in an area where pyrrhotite is well developed  along the K2 structure , whereas 
areas off to the north contain pyrite+/- anhydrite appear more oxidised. Models predict that  
oxidised domains can  be linked with phase-separation or fluid -boiling; however as shown at 
St Ives these domains are far  too broad to fit with such process es. In particular, boiling is 
considered to be a local process driven by sharp pressure changes  driven by key structural 
events largely in shear zones.  At odds with this is the significant volumes of anhydrite 
veining in the footwall at the East Repulse . The volumetrically large anhydrite domains are 
gold-poor, meaning there are no obvious links with these zones and the dest abilisation of 
gold-complexes, which would be predicted if these were boiling zones. 
CO2-rich fluids associated with  Archean gold systems along with oxidised fluids are 
also mappable. One of the complexities with mapping  oxidised alteration assemblages is that 
alteration assemblages associated with CO 2 metasomatism are strongly controlled by 
temperature. Hence mapping fCO2 gradients using the minerals needs to be considered in 
light of metamorphic grade and temperature of  the hydrothermal system. Titanium phases 
rutile, ilmenite and titanite are stable based on both temperature and f CO2. The stability of 
sodic versus calcic plagioclase is also a function of fCO2 and temperature, as are other 
silicates (i.e. micas), carbonates  and sulphides. Low temperature camps such as Wiluna 
contain negligible amounts of ilmenite, anorthite, biotite, and pyrrhotite.  Carbonate minerals 
such as dolomite or ankerite as well as Sb -rich sulphides  appear to be better developed in low 
temperature camps.  Very high t emperature zones (~500°C) are often amphibole-rich, 
anorthite- rich, carbonate-poor and can contain titanite in the ore zones (e.g., Frog’s Leg , 
Kundana and Corkwood, Yamarna). As shown through the M494 project, mapping f CO2 
gradients and their alteration footprints needs to be considered in light of temperature. Phase 
diagrams presented in the current set of case studies  provide guidance on how to read mineral 
gradients in high- temperature versus low temperature camps. 
The crustal architecture of gold systems plays an important role. Hangingwall rocks 
that appear to be low permeable rocks (i.e. talc-rich ultramafics and phenocryst- rich basalts) 
5are common features of Archean gold systems. At the East Repulse and Victory- Defiance 
deposit talc -rich komatiite occur in the immediate hangingwall. Wattle Dam deposit (M410) 
is hosted within komatiite adjacent to a more competent shale unit, but is surrounded by talc-
carbonate or serpentine- rich komatiite . Carbine- Zorro contain talc -carbonate rich komatiite in 
the immediate hanging  wall. The K2 has the phenocryst-rich Victorious Basalt. It would 
appear that these rock types play some role in channelling t he fluids along the key structures. 
As shown at the East Repulse those fluids may move through porous albite  altered granitoids 
and mafics in  the footwall. Once fluids reached  the Repulse Thrust they began to move 
laterally along the low angle thrust . Large volumes of fluids may be channel laterally along 
the thrust reacting with wallrocks and precipitating gold. One of the keys to exploring these 
systems is to identify broad footwall alteration domains and try to predict key parts of the 
crustal architectu re that may help to channel those fluids.  
6Minerals industry template for 
mapping Au systems and 
recognising the key chemical 
gradients in Archean gold 
systems 
Adam B. Bath  and John L. Walshe  
Australia’s National  
Science Agency  
7Mineral Resources  
Citation  
A.B Bath  and J.L Walshe  (2019). Minerals industry template for mapping Au systems and
recognising the key chemical gradients in Archean g old systems , MRIWA 494 Final Report.
Copyright 
© Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation 20 19. To the extent permitted 
by law, all rights are reserved and no part of this publication covered by copyright may be 
reproduced or copied in any form or by any means except with the written permission of CSIRO.  
Important disclaimer  
CSIRO advises that the information contained in this publication comprises general statements 
based on scientific research. The reader is advised and needs to be aware that such information 
may be incomplete or unable to be used in any  specific situation. No reliance or actions must 
therefore be made on that information without seeking prior expert professional, scientific and 
technical advice. To the extent permitted by law, CSIRO (including its employees and consultants) 
excludes all liability to any person for any consequences, including but not limited to all losses, 
damages, costs, expenses and any other compensation, arising directly or indirectly from using this 
publication (in part or in whole) and any information or material con tained in it.  
CSIRO i s committed to providing web accessible content wherever possible. If you are having 
difficulties with accessing this document please contact  csiroenquiries@csir o.au .
8Synthesis Chapter: Mineral s industry template for mapping Au 
systems  and recognising the key chemical gradients in Archean gold 
systems  
 
Adam Bath  and John Walshe  
 
Contents 
Synthesis Chapter: Minerals industry template for mapping Au systems and recognising the 
key chemical gradients in Archean gold systems  ................................ ................................ ...... 1 
Introduction  ................................ ................................ ................................ ............................  1 
Hydrothermal fluids and alteration in Archean Gold Systems  ................................ .............. 3 
Evidence of oxidised fluids from the case studies  ................................ ...............................  10 
Recognising Alkaline Fluids  ................................ ................................ ................................  14 
Predicting CO 2-rich fluids in low to high -temperature gold camps  ................................ ..... 16 
Other reactions with CO 2-rich fluids from case studies  ................................ .......................  19 
Gold, arsenic and carbonate metasomatism  ................................ ................................ ......... 20 
Architectural Constraints  ................................ ................................ ................................ ......... 22 
Architectural constraints on fluid pathways  ................................ ................................ ......... 22 
Architectural constraints on gold deposition  ................................ ................................ ........ 24 
References  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................  25 
 
 
 
Introduction  
The aim of the project is to provide the minerals industry with a practical template for 
mapping Au systems and targeting high grade gold resources leveraging off high impact 
research of the last two decades . This project studied deposit - to camp-scale alteration 
patterns with the aim to understand fluids that drive key reactions . The project ran for a little 
under 2 years starting in September 2017, involved 7 industry partners and the Mineral 
Research Institute of Western Australia (MRIWA) . Case studies were conducted in 1) the 
Kundana and Ca rbine camps (Northern Star Resources and Evolution Mining ); 2) Yamarna 
Terrane (Gold Road Resources); 3) Mount Magnet camp (Ramelius Resources); 4) 
Bronzewing camp (Echo Resources) and 5)  Wiluna camp (Blackham Resources ; Figure 1). 
9Findings from this study combined with  earlier work  on mineral systems mapping (e.g., 
M410 and M452), indicates that mapping silicates, oxides, sulphates, sulphides , carbonates  
and phosphate s combined with textural details provide a powerful tool to identify zones fluid 
pathways  that in many cases would be otherwise missed  without the value of detailed SEM 
mineral maps . The current study demonstrates that redox , fCO2 and pH sensitive sulphate , 
carbonate  and sulphide mineralogy combined with textural data provide definitive answers 
and this study identified oxidised , CO2-rich and potentially alkaline fluid pathways . 
Importantly t he study highlights  that there is limite d value in mapping bulk mineralogy 
without textural relationships . In particular, thermodyamics predicts that a system wi ll move 
towards chemical equilibrium under  a set of chemical conditions.  For example , the presence 
of highly variable amounts of anhydr ite in samples signify an oxidised pathway. Some 
samples have  trace amounts of the sulphate (e.g., values of <0.1 modal % anhydrite ); 
however trace amounts of anhydrite in these samples  potentially can  tell an important story , if 
their textural relationship is un ravelled. For example , as shown below, the replacement of 
magnetite by anhydrite at Papa Bear defines a chemical reaction. This relationship is critical 
as it points to a very different type of fluid  that may otherwise be missed if bulk rock 
magnetite and anhydrite  values were only considered  on their own . 
In this chapter we outline  findings of the project. The chapter discuss es fluid 
chemistry in Archean gold systems, and compares results from past and present study with 
respect to fluid oxidation, pH and fCO 2. The final part of the chapter discuss es the critical 
role that the archit ecture plays in sustaining the key chemical gradients that drive alteration 
and mineralisation in Archean gold systems from the Yilgarn Craton.  In particular , the role 
that less permeable units like ultramafics in the hangingwall may have on controlling fluid  
pathways.  Although the work presented here is on the Yilgarn Craton, it  is also applicable to 
orogenic gold systems in other global provinces, which account for close the 30% of the 
world’s gold production.     
10 
Figure 1 Geological map of the Yilgarn showing Au camps studied during th e M494 project. 
Case studies were conducted in 1) the Kundana and Carbine camps (Northern Star 
Resources and Evolution Mining); 2) Yamarna Terrane (Gold Road Resources); 3) Mount 
Magnet camp (Ramelius Resources); 4) Bronzewing camp (Echo Resources) and 5) Wiluna  
camp (Blackham Resources).  Modified GSWA map.  
 
 
Hydr othermal fluids and alteration in Archean Gold Systems  
 
The identification of key reactions and alteration  zones provides a practical template 
for mapping Au systems and targeting high -grade gold, as well as giving insights into sources 
of fluids that drove these systems. Fluids in Archean gold systems are diverse. Archean gold 
deposits are  commonly associated with  H2O - CO2 ± NaCl fluid (Ho et al. 1990) , with fluids 
inferred moderately oxidi sed, near-neutral and H2S predominant (Mikucki and Ridley 1993, 
Mikucki 1998) . Despite the importance  of H2O - CO2 ± NaCl fluid s, the recognition of zones 
that reflect metasomatism of fluids with high (>0.4) mole fractions of CO 2 remain poorly 
documented and mapping styles of alteration in variable rock  types that were metasomatised  
at variable temperatures is also poorly understood. Fluid types in Archean Gold Systems also 
11include reduced, CH 4 - rich fluids and highly oxidised SO42--rich fluids as well as very saline 
fluids in some deposits. Such fluids require explanation and hint at links with specific 
reservoirs of salt and oxidants such as intrusive complexes.   
Highly SO42--rich oxidised fluids have been dismissed as unrela ted to gold 
mineralisation, with some authors  pointing towards early unrelated intrusions as the likely 
source (e.g., Goldfarb et al., 2017).  Others have suggested that phase separation is the main 
cause (Hodkiewicz et al., 2009). However, the combination of S -isotopes of pyrite and 
anhydrite , Au inclusions in pyrite and F -in-biotite prove that oxidised fluids occur in Archean 
Gold Systems, and critically , in some cases,  are directly linked with the  timing of gold 
mineralisation.  One of the best-known examples of oxidation is  the East Repulse Deposit in 
the >12 Moz St Ives gold camp  (approximately 60 km south of Kalgoorlie ; Bath et al., 2013 ; 
Figure 2). Rocks consist of mafic to ultramafic volcanic of the Kambalda Sequence, which occur 
within an antiform that plunges gently towards the south (Blewett et al., 2010) , with a granitoid 
dome inferred through seismic work to occur 1 -2 km beneath the deposit (Neumayr et al., 2008  
Figure 2 and Figure 3). The Kambalda Sequence is int ruded by intermediate to felsic intrusions, 
which commonly show ages of ca. 2670 and 2650 Ma; although younger and older age 
intrusions have also been documented (Nelson, 1997; Neumayr et al., 2008; Watchorn, 1998; 
Yeats et al., 1999).  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
12 
 
 
Figure 2 Geology of the Kalgoorlie Terrane in the Kambalda area and showing major deposits of the St Ives camp. East -west 
cross -section through the Victory -Defiance and East Repulse deposits. Map and cross -section demonstrate that the above 
deposits occur along an antiform. Note on the cross -section the wide anhydrite domain in the footwall of the deposit.  
13 
 
 
 
Figure 3 Map and cross -section of the East Repulse deposit as shown in Figure 2. Note the anhy drite alteration in the footwall of 
the deposit.  
14 
Three dominant stages of alteration have been established relative to mineralisation at 
the East Repulse deposit (Bath et al., 2013). These include: (1) early -stage albite -carbonate -
sulphates-magnetite ± chlorite and/or epidote; (2) main -stage biotite -amphibole -anhydrite -
carbonate ± pyrite and gold  (Figure 4 and Figure 5) and (3) late -stage carbonate -albite-pyrite 
±chlorite and/or epidote alterat ion (Bath et al. 2013). These stages of alteration overprint 
komatiite, basalt, dolerite, metasediments and granitoids. Alteration assemblages of the East 
Repulse deposit have also been divided into domains that reflect the distribution of alteration 
assemblages from the footwall through to the hanging wall of the deposit (Bath et al. 2013). 
Main domains include upper, transitional, ore and lower and these zones are reflected in the 
sulphide-sulphate mineralogy. The upper domain contains pyrite and pyrrhoti te, as well as 
nickel sulphides (e.g., millerite, pentlandite and s iegenite) and cobaltite. The transitional 
domain occurs above the ore -domain and contains bismuthinite and galena. The ore -domain 
is dominated by sulphides, but contains minor amounts of su lphate minerals. Sulphate occurs 
in the form of barite and celestine ─ anhydrite is less common. Sulphides in the form of 
pyrite, chalcopyrite, molybdenite, galena and rare bismuthinite. The lower domain contains 
sulphates (anhydrite, celestine and/or bari te) and sulphides (pyrite, molybdenite, galena and 
chalcopyrite).  
 
Figure 4 Anhydrite alteration in the footwall of the East Repulse deposit. Anhydrite (or gypsum altered anhydrite) occurs in 
biotite and magnetite -quartz veins.  
15These reflect a strong redox gradient between the hanging wall and footwall , further 
emphasised by the presence of F -rich biotite that occurs with pyrite (with gold inclusions) 
and anhydrite that have strong negative and positive δ34S values respectively.  These textures 
and data unambiguously link Archean gold mineralisation at the above deposit to a  very 
broad oxidised F -rich source. The most likely source of an oxidised F -rich fluids is alkaline 
magmatism (mafic to felsic) or fractionated granitoid magmati sm. Lamprophyres or 
granitoids have been identified within the East Repulse deposit; although cross -cutting 
relationships fail to provide definitive evidence of a causative magma body.  
 
Figure 5 A. Downhole profiles showing sulphur isotope values for pyrite and anhydrite from diamond drill hole CD7177 from 
the East Repulse Deposit.  Note pyrites become isotopically light in the ore zone and footwall. Anhydrite in the footwall is 
isotopically heavy. This is consistent w ith inorganic fractionation of S -isotopes in the footwall due to oxidised conditions.  B 
Downhole profile of F -in-biotite  for CD7177. C -D show that texturally biotite, pyrite and gold all occur as part of the same 
paragenetic event.    
16A lack of evidence for linking Archean Gold Systems to magmatism is a well -known 
conundrum for linking fluids responsible for mineralisation  with magmatism . Recently, Kerr 
et al., (2019) describe magmatic fluids in an orogenic gold system in the Hope Bay 
Greenstone Belt, Nunavut, Canada. These fluids are reported to have been CO2-rich and are 
considered to be linked to magmatic -hydrothermal fluids that up -grade an earlier gold tenor. 
There, element mapping of pyrite, coupled with principle component analysi s of the data, 
confirms a strong correlation between Au  and Ag-Te-Sb-Bi-W(-As) in upgraded veins, 
whereas only Au and As strongly correlate in low -grade veins  inferred to have formed from 
metamorphic fluids. Fluorine-rich biotite have also been identified at Gruyere (Bath and 
Walshe, 2014; Bath et al., this volume (b)); although these appear to form part of early  pre-
gold stage 2 alteration. Nevertheless, evidence of F-rich biotite, pyrite chemistry , S-isotopes, 
whole rock geochemistry  and presence of  sulphates form some of the strongest clues as to 
presence of magmatic fluids  in these systems.  
An absence of notable causative intrusive(s) in the ore body need n ot be used as 
evidence against the potential role of magmatism. As shown by Hat tori and Cameron (1987) , 
CO2-rich magmas (i.e. ~0.5 wt. %) are predicted to  exsolve CO 2 at pressures of <7 kbars , 
significantly deeper than the formation of most Archean Gold Systems  that form at 
greenschist P&T conditions (~2kbar) . In contrast water -rich magmas (i.e. ~5 wt. % H 2O) will 
exsolve their fluids at pressures <2kbars.  This opens the possibility that  water-poor, oxidised 
CO2-rich fluids can potentially  be derived from deep er magmatic sources.  Furthermore, if the 
source of CO 2-rich fluids was not related to crustal melts then there is also the possibility the 
fluids were sourced from the mantle.     
Although oxidised and F -rich fluids are identified in some Archean gold systems  it 
remains unclear if these types of fluids are commonplace in Archean Gold systems. 
Mineralogy along with metal association (i.e. W, Mo and Bi in oxidised systems; Neumayr et 
al., 2008) appears to be some of the most reliable data -sets that have the potential to link 
oxidised fluids to Archean Gold systems. An isochon plot of biotite -actinolite altered 
komatiites from the oxidised footwall of the East Repulse deposit compared a gainst talc -
carbonate altered komatiite in the hangingwall of the deposit demonstrate that oxidised 
biotite-actinolite-anhydrite alteration resulted in the addition of LILE elements K, Cs and Rb, 
consistent with the biotite alteration. Elements Mo, W, S, A u, U and Cs were also added 
during oxidised alteration, where as water, carbonate, Ni, Zn and Mg appear to have been lost  
(Figure 6). Subtle Ni enrichment zones do occur in the hangingwall, with the stability of Ni 
17and Co sul phides, consistent with the mobility of Ni. One of the objectives of the  current set 
of case studies  tests for the presence of oxidised fluids and determine if  oxidised fluids can be 
mapped as part of the alteration footprint of Archean gold systems. 
 
 
Figure 6 Isocon  plot of altered komatiites from the oxidised footwall of the East Repulse compared to least biotite altered 
talc-carbonate komatiites from the hangingwall. The isocon plot is designed to show elements that may be added (green) 
or lost (red) to the rock as  a result of oxidised potassic alteration.  
 
Evidence of oxidised fluids from the case studies  
 All case studies present evidence of sulphate (barite and/or anhydrite) mineralogy, 
often accompanied with carbonate alteration. The K2 structure (Kundana gold c amp; Figure 
7), the Papa Bear prospect (Kundana camp) , Wiluna camp, Smokebush prospect (Yamarna 
Terrane), Orelia (Bronzewing camp)  and Morning Star Deposit (Mount Magnet) all have 
notable anhydrite domains. These domains, like at the East Repulse Deposit, often occur 
largely in deeper parts of the system or peripheral  zones to mineralised domains.  Based on 
cross-cutting relationships  anhydrite occurs at a critical time with respect to mineralisation.   
18 As shown by Bath et al., (this volume (a)) and Godfroy -Rodriguez et al., (this 
volume), a nhydrite in the footwall of the Papa Bear prospect of the Kundana camp overprints 
a foliation defined by bands of muscovite in  felsic to intermediate host -rock. This alteration 
formed during biotite -calcite-anhydrite replacement of magnetite  and is paragenetically 
linked to gold mineralisation . As shown by Godefroy -Rodriguez et al., (this volume), pyrite -
anhydrite -calcite occur in the veins with pyrite showing variable δ34S values, some as low as 
-3.4 ‰, consistent with fraction of 34S and 32S between H 2S (i.e. H2S prefers to up -take 
lighter 32S over 34S compared to SO42-) and SO 42-. Intervals with notable anhydrit e occur 
along lithological contacts, which appear to be broad zones of metasomatism. These  broad 
zones, like at the East Repulse deposit, do not appear to be  well-endowed with gold  
mineralisation, but do contain traces of gold mineralisation.  The best mineralisation occurs at 
the boundary between the anhydrite domain and the pyrite domain.  South of the Pap a Bear 
prospect, the Kurrawang Deposit occurs, and appears to align with the anhydrite trend. 
Exploration Incentive Scheme (EIS) DDH PBDD17109 provides a key example of oxidised 
alteration in largely barren rocks. An interval between ~250 and ~750m shows t race amounts 
of anhydrite and is largely sulphide -poor. This is an analogue to the footwall of the East 
Repulse Deposit,  which is also poorly mineralised  but contains a broad zone of anhydrite . 
These domains could be related to Au transportation domains  (although unless highly 
alkaline or chlorine -rich and acidic, oxidised fluids are not likely to be effective at 
transporting gold in solution) . Using the East Repulse analogy then the precipitation of Au is 
predicted to occur where the fluids become more red uced. This appears to be the case, with 
gold mineralisation occurring at a depth of ~250 meters where the fluids produce pyrite 
alteration  (Figure 8). Tungsten and Te is also elevated in the host rock in these domains, 
consistent with alteration that could be associated with oxidised  and possibly magmatic -
related fluids.  
 Notable anhydrite domains also occur along the highly prospective K2 shear zone.  
However most high -grade gold mineralisation occurs in the anhydrite -poor domains, and 
pyrrhotite -rich domains (Bath et al., this volume). Similar relationships occur at Wiluna, 
where anhydrite occurs in rock along the main trend but peripheral to minerali sation, whereas 
mineralisation occurs with pyrite zones. It appears that strong chemical gradients favour the 
precipitation of high -grade gold. Whiles oxidised fluids are evident in gold systems it remains 
unclear on what drives reduction, particularly in rocks that lack graphitic shales.  
19 
Figure 7 Geological map of part of the Kundana gold camp with TIMA SEM data for anhydrite abundance. Notable 
anhydrite domains occur along the K2 structure.  
 
20 
 
Figure 8 Downhole profile of DDH PBDD17109 showing gold grades, whole rock As, W as well as anhydrite and pyrite.  
 
 
 
 
21Recognising  Alkalin e Fluids  
  
Thermodynamic models on the solubility of gold predict that oxidised fluids are poor 
at transporting gold, as Au -bisulphide complexes are not stable in the sulphate predominance 
field. The exception  to this is that  oxidised fluids are highly alkaline (pH >9), where Au-
hydroxide complexes form the predominant species (or possibly gold colloids) . The existence 
of sulphur-poor alkaline fluids in Archean Gold systems is highlighted in  the ultra-high grade 
gold system  at Wattle Dam where gold -only veins occur in biotite -amphibole altered 
komatiite. Thin (<50 um) selvages of aegirine (sodic pyroxen e: NaFe3+Si2O6), gold veins 
with catapleiite  (Na2ZrSi3O9 2H2O) and replacement of magnetite by gold indicates fluids 
had a pH of >8 at the time of mineralisation  (Bath et al., in prep.) . Aegirine is also seen in 
altered dolerites from the ore zone at the East Repulse also suggesting alkaline fluids in the 
ore zones (Bath et al., (in prep.)). These alkaline fluids  in ore zones may represent phase 
separation at the time of gold mineralisation, where acidic buffering  components in the fluids 
such as H 2S and CO 2 are lost to the gaseous phase leaving the residual fluid alkaline  and 
oxidised. Alternatively the  alkaline fluids are the  primary source of Au in Archean gold 
systems.  
Features such are dissolution of quartz as well as magnetite and sulphide dissolution 
may be proxies for high pH fluids. Replacement of quartz is a common feature in the wall 
rocks of Archean gold systems. In some oxidised  domains there is evidence of magnetite 
replaced by anhydrite  (e.g., Papa Bear ). In this case a redox change under near -neutral 
conditions would not result in the dissolution of Fe. Rather an increase in fO 2 is predicted to 
stabilise hematite over magnetite not result in the dissolution and transportation of Fe. 
Alkaline conditions are predicted to result in the dissolution of Fe as shown in phase diagram.  
Due to the slope of the H 2S-SO42- buffer (i.e. decrea se in fO2 with increasing pH),  it is 
possible that the replacement of magnetite by anhydrite could be a product of pH shift with a 
negligible shift i n fO2 (Figure 9). More work needs to be done on mapping and recognising 
alkaline domains in Archean gold systems. These domains are not easily recognisable from 
bulk rock mineralogy. It is detailed textural observations combined with thermodynamic 
constraints that can be used  to identify the alkaline alteration domains.  
 
 
22 
 
Figure 9 Anhydrite replacing magnetite and an Fe -species phase diagram showing a relative pH change is required to 
dissolve magnetite and put Fe into solution. Purple line shows the relative stability range of anhydrite at 400C.  
23 
Predicting CO 2-rich fluids in low to high -temperature gold camps   
 
Carbonate metasomatism is a common feature of Archean gold systems. Key  types of 
reactions that appear evident in the Archean gold systems are those that tend to liberate Ca  
from silicates or phosp hates to form carbonate . Many types of Ca -liberating reactions are 
described at Mount Magnet (Birchall et al., this volume), Kundana/Carbine (Bath et al., this 
volume) and Yamarna (Bath el at., this volume (b)). The liberation of Ca  from silicates  is also 
dependen t on temperature under given XCO 2 conditions. Various styles of reactions that 
involve the formation of calcite under variable temperature and XCO 2 conditions are shown 
in Figure 10. The stability range for minerals are shown on the accompanied phase diagram.  
Rutile versus titanite stability is one key reaction that appears important in Archean gold 
systems. The reaction of titanite + CO 2 going to rutile, quartz and calcite can be summarized 
by reaction (1):  
 
CaTiSiO 5 + H2CO3 = TiO2 + SiO2 + CaCO 3 + H2O                                                                (1) 
 
However as shown on Figure 10 the reaction reverses at high temperatures (>460° -500°C 
under high XCO 2 conditions (>0.4).  Hence in hot systems (>450°C) titanite can be stable 
during metasomatism by CO 2-rich fluids. Gold systems such as Frogs Leg at Kundana 
(Walshe et al., this volume) and Corkwood (Bath et al., this volume (b)) are key examples of  
gold systems that formed under titanite -anorthite stable conditions, predicted to be through 
fluids with high XCO 2. In contrast carbonate metasomatised rocks at Wiluna are rutile stable 
(Bath et al., this volume (c)) , and rutile forms a broad zone around many areas of the  deposits 
in this camp due the fact that it is a low temperature system, predicted by the thermodynamic 
calculations ( Figure 10). Minerals that form in high temperature systems such as biotite, 
anorthite, titanite and ilmenite are largely absent at Wiluna, whereas alteration assemblages 
of muscovite, albite and rutile are common. Gold systems that form under moderately hot 
temperatures (i.e. 400° to 450°C) in mafic host rocks, such as at Athena (St Ives), show 
notable rutile, ilmenite and titanite domains under largely reduced (pyrrhotite -stable) 
conditions (Walshe et al., 2014). These domains reflect changes in the XCO2 conditions  of 
fluids, with rutile and ilmenite being stable in the lode, ilmenite -only occurring peripheral to 
24lodes and titanite -only occurring in the hanging wall some 300 form the lode. Similar patterns 
are seen in the lode and hangingwall of the K2 structure fro m Hornets to Moonbeam (Walshe 
et al., 2016), and at Bronzewing ( Birchall et al.,  this volume). Zorro and Carbine appear to 
have two stages of alteration. An early assemblage linked to hot ilmenite -titanite-anorthite 
and a later moderate albite -rutile-calcite assemblage. Figure 11 summarises  variations in 
alteration assemblages linked to temperature.    
 
Figure 10 Thermodynamic model to estimate possible T and XCO2 conditions for select mineral phases in the presence of 
excess quartz, calcite and pyrrhotite. Temperature range of 460 to 490 °C and XCO 2 conditions of 0.4 to 0.7 (although 
assumes a quartz saturation). Modified from Walshe et al. (this volume).   
25 
 
Figure 11 Temperature range of mineral assemblages for gold camps studied in the current study.  
 
 
 
 
 
26Other reactions with CO 2-rich fluids from case studies  
  
The hangingwall at Gruyere and Smokebush from the Yamarna Terrane showed 
evidence of actinolite or hornblende reacting to form grunerite. The breakdown of actinolite 
to grunerite in CO 2-rich fluids can be summerised as:  
 
Ca2Fe5(Si8O22)(OH)2  + 2H2CO3- + FeCl 2  =  Fe7(Si8O22)(OH)2 + 2CaCO 3 + 2HCl              (2) 
 
Zones of grunerite alteration can be tracked up to 700 meters into the hangingwall of the 
Gruyere deposit  (Bath et al. this volume (b)). In dolerites at Smokebush  grunerite can be 
tracked around some 60 meters into the hangingwall on one of the sections studied.   
 
The Gruyere granitoid shows evidence (both textural and spatial) of ore zones CO 2-rich fluids 
that cause apatite to breakdown to monazite (or xenotime), which can be summerised as:  
 
Ca5(PO4)3F + 5H 2CO3- + (LREE)Cl 3 = (LREE)(PO 4) + 5CaCO 3 + 3HCl + 7H+                    (3) 
 
The alteration of apatite to monazite -calcite or xenotime-calcite appears to be best developed 
in felsic rocks, such as the Gruyere granitoid  (Bath et al., (this volume(b))) . Very minor 
evidence of  replacement  reaction shown in equation  3 is evident in Ca -rich mafic rocks , and 
this is not mappable . Mappable zones of high monazite or xenotime relative to apatite may be 
largely useful in rocks that are Ca -poor through extensive albitisation. The ternary plot shown 
in Figure 12 works predicting mineralized granitoids from barren granitoids at Gruyere; 
however so far appears to have limited success in other host  rocks and felsic to intermediate 
sediments.  
27 
Figure 12. Ternary diagram showing the relative abundance of xenotime and monazite to apatite from granitoid samples at 
Gruyere. Mineralised granitoids tend to have high Xenotime+Monazite:Apatite ratios (pink) compared to barren granitoids 
(green) 
 
Gold , arsenic  and carbonate metasomatism  
 
Gold in mineral systems can occur as refractory ore  (e.g., Wiluna) , commonly 
deported in arsenopyrite, or as free -gold. Some systems contain both lower -grade refractory 
zones and high -grade free -gold zones (e.g., Fosterville , Victoria); however relationships 
between the different generations of gold are often poorly understood  (although temperature 
and significant timing differences have been postulated) . A lack of understanding of the role 
fluids play in transporting and precipita ting gold is a fundamental flaw in understanding how 
gold systems naturally accumulated high -grade gold. One of the key barriers to understating 
gold systems is the role that the carbonic fluids themselves play. Phillips and Evans (2004) 
noted that carboni c fluids play a significant role in buffering fluids to near -neutral, promoting 
the stability of Au -bisulphide complexes. However numerous high -grade systems show a lack 
of sulphide precipitation at the time of mineralisation  (e.g., Wattle Dam) . Moreover, high 
levels of CO 2 in fluids have been shown to result in lower levels of Au solubility  (e.g., 
Weihau (unpublished data)) , yet gold occurs within  strongly CO2-metasomatised zones. Thus  
more needs to be understood about the link between CO 2-rich fluids, gold and arsenic.  
Dissolved As(III) carbonato complexes species  are possible transporting agents; however 
28thermodynamic modelling (Bath et al., (in prep.) ) predicts that an increase in o xidation forms 
a key reaction towards breaking down arsenopyrite (as seen at Smokebush) to form pyrite and 
calcite and liberating As as well as Au deported in arsenopyrite (i.e. Smokebush arsenopyrite 
has ppm levels of Au) . An important redox (and pH) reac tion could be:  
Arsenopyrite + O2 + H+ = 0.5 Pyrite + HAsO 2 + 0.5Fe++                                                  (4) 
 These complexes make up a minor component of the aqueous species that transport As, and 
the predominant As species is HAsO 2 at ~400C and redox conditions above the CO 2-CH4 
buffer.  
 
Figure 13 TIMA SEM map showing the replacement of arsenopyrite with calcite and pyrite. The cartoon illustrates oxidised 
fluids reacting with arsenopyrite to liberate As as HAsO2 species. Gold deported in arsenopyrite may be liberated by this 
reaction. 
 
 
 
29 
Architectural Constraints  
  
Architectural constraints on fluid pathways  
Research undertaken by the pmd*CRC (2002 -2008) highlighted the association of  
granitic-cored domes with many of the larger Au camps of the eastern goldfields (Henson and 
Blewett 2005, Henson et al. 2005, Blewett and Hitchman 2006, Davis et al. 2010, Henson et 
al. 2010). Camps such as St Ives and deposits such as Wallaby and Kanowna Belle are located 
close to the apices of broad open domes defined from the seismic data of the upper 10 km of 
the crust. Overall, the architecture of the eastern half of the Kalgoorlie Terrane is an elongate 
anticlinorium from Kambalda to Plutonic, with culminations below deposits. This ‘Golden 
Corridor’ is over 700 kilometres long and contains a large proportion of the known gold in the 
Yilgarn Craton. The base of the greenstone has a d ome-and-basin topography and the 
wavelength of the dome apices of the greenstone base is typically around 35 kilometres, 
coincident with the spacing of the gold deposits at the surface. In the mid -crust, beneath the 
greenstones, the felsic upper crust is d ominated by sets of strong seismic reflections that are 
interpreted as shear zones. The domes in the mid -crust are defined by these long -wavelength, 
low-angle shear zones. The wavelength of the domes at the base of the greenstones is smaller 
than those mid -crustal domal structures.  
Henson et al. (2005)  argue that stacked domes of ever decreasing wavelength will focus fluids 
into the apex of the domes at higher structural levels thus creating an architectural mechanism 
to transfer and focus fluids of deep -crustal and/or mantle or igins into the upper crust. Breaching 
faults near the apex of many domes provide additional pathways for dome -focused fluid to 
migrate to higher structural levels.  
Integrating the geological and geochemical data (alteration mapping, hyperspectral logging,  
multi-element and stable isotope data) of the St Ives Camp provides new constraints on the 
architectural controls (lithological and structural) on fluid pathways above the upper -crustal 
domes and arguably some insight into fluid -flow patterns within the d omes. It is apparent that 
the flat architectural elements of the domes (extensional structures and basins, thrusts and 
associated stacked lithologies) commonly created regional -scale aquitards as well as aquifers. 
30In contrast steeply dipping intrusive rock s within domes provided major sub -vertical pathways 
for advection of deep -seated fluids crust/mantle fluids.    
The S and C isotope mapping of redox gradients across the Victory -Defiance complex  
(Neumayr et al. (2008)  and unpublished data) shows major changes in redox conditions across 
the Repulse and Britannia Shears. The most oxidized fluids (negative δ34S values in sulfides) 
were focused below the Repulse Shear and the most reduced fluids (positive δ13C values in 
carbonate) above the Britannia thrust. The paragenetic studies indicate relatively early 
introduction of oxidized fluids that remained in the system following introduction of reduced 
fluids. The C and S isotopic systematics demonstrate that red uced and oxidized fluids 
interacted.  These isotopic patterns imply that Repulse and Britannia structures acted as 
aquicludes rather than aquifers and seal above the East Repulse deposit appears to have a 
significant factor in the location of the mineraliz ation.  The distribution of trace -elements (Mo, 
W, Bi), commonly associated with oxidized fluids, on the footwall of the Playa -Repulse Fault 
hints that the Repulse –Playa segment of the Boulder–Lefroy Fault System behaved as a district -
scale aquiclude rathe r than as a major aquifer. The fault system possibly operated in tandem 
with talc–carbonate altered Kambalda Komatiite to separate domains of dominantly oxidized 
and reduced fluids.  
In contrast steeply dipping intrusive rocks within domes provided major s ub-vertical pathways 
for advection of deep -seated fluids crust/mantle fluids. Based on the identification of a sub -
vertical pathway of highly oxidized fluid, spatially associated with porphyries beneath the East 
Repulse deposit (Bath et al., 2013), it is s uggested the NW –SE trending porphyry dykes across 
the Victory -Defiance provided the major sub -vertical pathways for oxidized fluids. Secondary 
porosity in albitized porphyries allow the possibility of significant fluid flow within steeply 
dipping porphyry bodies, not just on the contacts. Arguably albitization within the upper -
crustal domes created or enhanced fluid pathways within the domes, allowing fluids to migrate 
to higher crustal levels.  
 
 
 
31Architectural constraints on gold deposition  
 
Significant gold deposits occur in almost every rock type of the Kalgoorlie Terrane. 
The Golden Mile Deposit is hosted in dolerite, Wattle Dam in ultramafics, Athena and Hamlet 
(St Ives Gold Camp) in basalts, Invincible (St Ives Gold Camp) in Black Flag Be ds, Wallaby 
in Late Basin conglomerates and the Kanowna Belle Au deposit in porphyries. This diversity 
of rock types hosting both high grade and large tonnage deposits strongly suggests that fluid -
rock reactions are not the primary control on physicochemic al changes  driving gold deposition. 
None the less , commonly observed but not unique associations with host rocks do occur, the 
most widely recognized being the association of mineralization with Fe -rich dolerites. An 
alternate explanation is that it is the  rheological properties of the rock that is the important 
factor. Rocks that are inherently strong and fail brittlely may act as aquicludes until deformed 
brittlely. There are a number of  rock types in addition to Fe -rich dolerites, including the variole -
rich Middle Paringa Basalt (St Ives Camp) and the phenocryst -rich Victorious Basalt (Kundana 
Camp) that potentially acted as “strong beams” within the architecture, influencing fluid flow,  
sustaining local chemical gradients and ultimately controlling deposit location. In the St Ives 
camp the Paringa basalt has been subdivided into Lower, Middle and Upper Paringa on the 
basis the Cr /Ti ratio coupled with coherent map patterns (Walshe et al. 2014) . The geochemical 
subdivision is supported by visual logging of textural characteristics. The Upper Paringa Basalt 
is fine grained  and massive, the Middle Paringa Basalt is visually identified by abundant 
varioles. The Lower Paringa Basalt is also variolitic but to a lesser degree. The best gold shoots 
within the Athena and Hamlet shears are hosted by the Middle Paringa Basalt.  
In the Kundana camp , it is the juxtaposition of the K2 shear, the Centenary Shale with the 
Victorious Basalt that provides a favourable structural/lithological architecture. The Wattle 
Dam Au deposit illustrates another favourable architecture. Veins of gold o ccur with 
discontinuous lenses of interflow shale within a shear internal to metamorphosed and altered 
komatiite. The altered komatiite is considered to have effectively sealed the depositional 
environment and helped create/sustain local chemical gradients  that controlled the deposition 
of the gold veins. The interflow shale created local stress heterogeneities on the fault that 
permitted local brittle dilation and vein formation.    
 
 
 
32References  
 
Bath, A.B., Walshe, J.L., Cloutier, J., Verrall, M., Clever ley, J.S., Pownceby, M.I., MacRae, 
C.M., Wilson, N.C., Tunjic, J., Nortje, G.S., and Robinson, P., 2013, Biotite and 
apatite as tools for tracking pathways of oxidized fluids in the Archean East Repulse 
gold deposit, Australia: Economic Geology, v. 108, p.  667-690. 
Blewett, R. S. and A. P. Hitchman, Eds. (2006). 3D Geological models of the eastern Yilgarn 
Craton: Y2 project Final Report (pmd*CRC September 2001 – December 2004), 
Geoscience Australia Record 2006/05.  
Davis, B. K., R. S. Blewett, R. Squire, D. C. Champion and P. A. Henson (2010). "Granite -
cored domes and gold mineralisation: Architectural and geodynamic controls around 
the Archaean Scotia -Kanowna Dome, Kalgoorlie Terrane, Western Australia." 
Precambrian  Research 183(2): 316 -337. 
Henson, P. and R. Blewett (2005). "GOING FOR GOLD in the Eastern Yilgarn." AUSGEO 
Newsletter(82).  
Henson, P. A., R. S. Blewett, D. C. Champion, B. R. Goleby, K. F. Cassidy, B. J. 
Drummond, R. J. Korsch, T. Brennan and M. Nicoll ( 2005). Domes: the characteristic 
3D architecture of the world -class lode -Au deposits of the Eastern Yilgarn. STOMP 
2005: Structure, Tectonics and Ore Mineralisation Processes, Townsville, EGRU.  
Henson, P. A., R. S. Blewett, I. G. Roy, J. M. Miller and K. C zarnota (2010). "4D 
architecture and tectonic evolution of the Laverton region, eastern Yilgarn Craton, 
Western Australia." Precambrian Research 183(2): 338 -355. 
 
Neumayr, P., J. L. Walshe, S. G. Hagemann, K. Petersen, R. Roache, P. Frikken, L. Horn and 
S. Halley (2008). "Oxidized and reduced mineral assemblages in greenstone belt 
rocks of the St. Ives gold camp, Western Australia: vectors to high - grade ore bodies 
in Archaean gold deposits?" Mineralium Deposita 43: 363 –371. 
 
Walshe, J. L., J. Cloutier, A. B. Bath and R. M. Hough (2014). Chemical gradients and 
pathways to mineralisation Argo -Apollo-Hamlet-York corridor, St Ives Gold Field, 
33Yilgarn Craton, Western Australia High grade Au deposits:processes to prediction J. 
L. Walshe, J. Cloutier, A. B. Bath a nd R. M. Hough. Perth, Geological Survey 
Western Australia. Report 145: 7 -28. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
34 
 
Fluid pathways and alteration zonation 
patterns linked to gold mineralisation in 
sediments from Carbine Area and Papa 
Bear prospect  
 
Adam B. Bath, Natalee Bonnici, Kaitlin Catalano, Royce Haese, Cheryl Workman -Davies, John  L. 
Walshe , Renee Birchall, John M. Miller and Tina D. Shelton 
 
 
  
Australia’s National  
Science Agency  
35Mineral Resources  
Citation  
Bath  A.B., Bonnici  N., Catalano  K., Haese  R., Workman -Davies  C., Walshe  J.L., Birchall R., Miller J. M. 
and Shelton T. D. (2019). Fluid pathways and alteration zonation patterns linked to gold 
mineralisation in sediments from Carbine Area and Papa Bear prospect , MRIWA 494 Final Report.  
Copyright  
© Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation 20 19. To the extent permitted 
by law, all rights are reserved and no part of this publication covered by copyright may be 
reproduced or copied in any form or by any means except with the written permission of CSIRO.  
Important disclaimer  
CSIRO advises that the information contained in this publication comprises general statements 
based on scientific research. The reader is advised and needs to be aware that such information 
may be incomplete or unable to be used in any  specific situation. No reliance or actions must 
therefore be made on that information without seeking prior expert professional, scientific and 
technical advice. To the extent permitted by law, CSIRO (including its employees and consultants) 
excludes all liability to any person for any consequences, including but not limited to all losses, 
damages, costs, expenses and any other compensation, arising directly or indirectly from using this 
publication (in part or in whole) and any information or material con tained in it.  
CSIRO i s committed to providing web accessible content wherever possible. If you are having 
difficulties with accessing this document please contact  csiroenquiries@csir o.au . 
36Fluid pathways  and alteration zonation patterns linked to  gold 
mineralis ation  in sediments from  the Carbine  Area  and Papa 
Bear prospect  
 
   Adam Bath, Natalee Bonnici,  Kaitlin Catalano , Royce Haese, Cheryl Workman- Davies, John 
Walshe, Renee Birchal l, John Mill er, Katie Wo odall and Tina Shelton 
     
 
     
 
   
37 
Executive Summary  
 
Alteration mapping aims to define fluid pathways in order to predict occurrences of 
mineralisation at the broader -scale. To predict requires key data -sets on host-rock 
chemistry/lithology, geological f ramework (i.e., structure and lithological boundaries) and 
quantified bulk rock mineralogy. Mineral predictions also need to be considered in the 
context of paragenesis (textural data), effects of weathering (i.e. loss of mobile elements (e.g., Ca, S, P an d Na)), as well as an understanding of how key styles of alteration relate to fluid 
chemistry (i.e. CO
2-rich fluids, aH 2S, temperature etc).  Here we document results from 
alteration mapping conducted at the Zorro Prospect, Carbine Deposit and Papa Bear prospect 
west of Kalgoorlie.  Mineral zoning at Carbine and Zorro (located ~35 km NW of Kundana) can be defined as  early stage 1A calcic-amphibole – andesine – ilmenite  assemblages in 
mostly mafic volcanics rocks and early stage 1C  albite-quartz ± ilmenite alteration in 
intermediate and felsic rock types. Ultramafic rocks, which occur in the footwall and hangingwall of both Carbine and Zorro, are largely defined by early stage 1 talc and carbonate assemblages.  Gold mineralisation has been identified in all stage 2 alteration 
assemblages, which includes  stage 2A andesine-muscovite- pyrrhotite -K-feldspar +/ - biotite-
ilmenite and stage 2B anorthite-muscovite-chlorite- titanite and significant quartz enrichment 
along the margins where gold mineralisation occurs. Both stages of alter ation were generated 
synchronous with strong steep NW-striking foliation, and are inferred  to occur relatively high 
temperatures  (i.e. 440° to 490°C). Main -stage gold mineralisation  occurs with stage 2C 
albite-biotite-calcite ± K -feldspar ± pyrite ± arseno pyrite ± siderite ± dolomite ±  Ca-
amphibole ± gold , which overprints the strong steep NW- striking foliation.  Stage 2C 
alteration appears to be associated with brittle quartz veining in places. Gold lodes at Carbine 
38and Zorro  can be mapped effectively throu gh mapping the distribution of arsenides on lodes 
and pyrrhotite halos, which is evident within the different stages  of alteration. Lodes at 
Carbine associated with the different stages of alteration can be differentiated  using 
plagioclase mineral types, w ith anorthite distribution linked to stage 2B and albite 
distribution linked to stage 2C alteration . 
At the tenement -scale the distribution of arsenides (and wholerock As) provide clues as to 
the fluid pathways. Many of these arsenide zones are associated with specific changes in the 
composition of mineral phases such as albite and/or anorthite. Calcite is also associated with these mineralised zones , providing tools to explore the tenement away from areas of known 
mineralisation .   
The Papa Bear  prospect occurs in the Kundana camp approximately 1 kilometre  northeast 
of the >1 Moz  Pegasus Deposit. Papa Bear is hosted by intermediate to felsic sedimentary units that consists of conglomerates and sandstones. As evident at Pegasus , the Papa Bear 
prospect contains evidence of an early albitisation event that is overprinted by Stage 2A  
biotite-andesine- calcite domains and Stage 2B muscovite -andesine- ilmenite ± rutile  alteration 
assemblages . Stage 2A is notably oxidised and andesine- biotite-calcite assemblages occur 
with trace of anhydrite- pyrite that has replaced earlier form magnetite . This suggest fluid fO
2 
conditions close to the sulphide-sulphate buffer, which is further supported by δ34S isotope 
studies by Godefroy-Rodriguez et al., (this volume).  Pyrrhotite domains are locally present at Papa Bear and are related to gold mineralisation (Papa Bear fluid pathway)  and reflect s 
reduced conditions at the time of mineralisation. These reduced domains appear along lithological boundaries that host the oxidised alteration assemblages  further to the north 
indicating redox switches along these contacts. Thus, tracking the transition of oxidised 
alteration assemblages and reduced alteration assemblages appears to be an important tool . 
This transition in oxidised to reduced conditions along contacts and lithological contacts is 
39not limited to Papa Bear. Pegasus is spatially and temporally related to a well-developed 
pyrrhotite domains that also extends into its hangingwall where significant mineralisation 
occurs along the Pode struct ure. In contrast, pyrite is well developed in upper parts of the 
hangingwall at Pegasus  and to the north of Pegasus along with anhydrite zones demonstrating 
more oxidised assemblages to the north in areas that appear to be less as well-endowed in mineralisation; although deeper reduced pyrrhotite domains may also exist in these areas.  
The notion that the best mineralisation is located with the reduced domains is not unique 
for Pegasus and Papa Bear. Best grades of mineralisation at Gruyere, Smokebush and Corkwood from Yamarna Terrane are also centred of pyrrhotite-arsenopyrite domains with 
peripheral sulfate bearing zones occurring in the hangingwall or footwall of these deposits 
(see Bath et al., this volume).  
 
  
 
      
 
  
40 
Contents 
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY  ..................................................................................................................................... 2  
INTRODUCTION  ............................................................................................................................................... 6  
GEOLOGY  ......................................................................................................................................................... 7  
WEATHERING ................................................................................................................................................. 14 
COMMENTS ON GOLD MIN ERALISATION AT ZORRO  ...................................................................................... 17 
ALTERATION PARAGENESIS  ........................................................................................................................... 21 
KUNDANA AREA .................................................................................................................................................... 21 
ZORRO PROSPECT  .................................................................................................................................................. 23 
COMPARISON OF ALTERAT ION STAGES BETWEEN KUNDANA AND ZORRO  .......................................................................... 26 
MINERAL ZONING PATTE RNS  ......................................................................................................................... 34 
PRESENTATION OF DATA  ......................................................................................................................................... 34 
SULPHIDES  ........................................................................................................................................................... 36 
PLAGIOCLASE  ........................................................................................................................................................ 37 
CALCITE  ............................................................................................................................................................... 39 
QUARTZ  .............................................................................................................................................................. 41 
POTASS IC PHASES  .................................................................................................................................................. 42 
TITANIUM PHASES  ................................................................................................................................................. 45 
ARSENIDE PHASES  .................................................................................................................................................. 45 
MINERAL ZONING PATTE RNS AT ZORRO  ........................................................................................................ 47 
GEOLOGY OF THE CARBI NE DEPOSIT  .............................................................................................................. 49 
ALTERATION AT CARBIN E .............................................................................................................................. 51 
PARAGENESIS  ....................................................................................................................................................... 51 
SPATIAL RELATIONSHIPS  ......................................................................................................................................... 56 
ZONATION PATTERNS AT  PAPA BEAR  ............................................................................................................ 71 
SULPHUR  ............................................................................................................................................................. 71 
POTASSIC PHASES  .................................................................................................................................................. 82 
TITANIUM PHASES  ................................................................................................................................................. 85 
SUMMARY  ..................................................................................................................................................... 88 
REFERENCES CITED  ......................................................................................................................................... 91 
LIST OF FIGURES  ............................................................................................................................................. 93 
 
 
 
 
41Introduction  
 
Alteration mapping aims to delineate  fluid pathways to  gain a capacity to predict  
occurrences of mineralisation  at the broader-scale. To predict using minerals  requires key 
data-sets on host-rock chemistry/lithology , geological framewor k (i.e., structure and 
lithological boundaries) and quantified bulk rock mine ralogy. Mineral p redictions also  need 
to be considered in the context of paragenesis ( textural data ), effects of weathering  (i.e. loss 
of mobile elements  (e.g., Ca, S, P and Na) ), as well as an understanding of how key styles of 
alteration relate to fluid chemistry  (i.e. CO 2-rich fluids, aH 2S, temperature etc.) . The key to 
applying the mineral systems approach is to build critical layers of data , with significant 
enhancements  to this technique through the addition of precise fully quantified mineral maps. 
Here we construct critical layers of data  for the Zorro prospect within  the Carbine- Paradigm  
area; located  approximately 40 km northwest of the Kundana Au camp ( Figure 1). This is a 
prospective area with >400k oz of Au resource (past and present; Figure 1), much of which is 
hosted in sedimentary rocks , making it an ideal area to test the minera l systems approach for 
two reasons. Reason one is to gain an understanding of alter ation associated with 
mineralisation in sediments (in addition to mafic and ultramafic rock types). Reason two is  
that the area is under-explored and provides a genuine opportunity to use the mineral systems 
approach in exploration, particularly with respect to recent drilling .  
This component of the study focuses on the prospect- scale and camp-scale mineral 
zonations in the Carbine area. Here we also compare broader alteration patterns in sediments 
from the Papa Bear area of the Kundana camp with those fro m Zorro and Carbine. We relate 
alteration from the Pegasus area with that at Zorro and Papa Bear, with an idea to develop an 
understanding of the key patterns to use in mineral exploration. 
 
42 
Figure 1 a. Map showing the location of the Zorro prospect and Carbine-Paradigm area 
relative to the Kundana Au camp (sourced from Tripp 2013).  
 
A basic mineral systems work -flow applied here can be divided into 5 steps, which 
includes; 1) a geological framework using whole rock geochemistry and structural data (here 
provided by Northern Star Resources); 2) textural relationships/paragenesis (understanding 
minerals associated with gold -stage alteration); 3) spatial distribution of bulk rock minerals 
and elements, levelled to rock type where possible; 4) defining weathered domains and effects of weathering on bulk rock mineralogy and element mobility and 5) cross-sections from interpolated mineral and element values that illustrate key mineral zonation patterns.  
 
Geology  
 
43A comprehensive body of work has been carried out on defining the geology of the 
Kalgoorlie District, and relating geological units across different domains through detail ed 
geochronology integrated with detailed geological mapping and structural work ( Tripp, 
2013). Importantly,  Tripp’s work  defines relationship s between rock units across domain 
boundaries , allowing district- scale correlatio ns to be made between rock units. This gives 
greater certainty in comparing alteration in different areas across the Kalgoorlie District.   
Mineralisation within the Kundana camp occurs within the Ora Banda and Coolgardie 
Domains (e.g., Cooke et al., 2017) , whereas within the Carbine- Paradigm area mineralisation  
is hosted within the Coolgardie Domain. The domain boundary at Kundana is thought to 
occur along the K2A contact (west of the main K2 struct ure); however as shown by Bath et al 
(2017) and Warren et al. ( 2017), alteration styles transgress  across the domain boundary. 
Thus domain boundar ies are geological boundaries  not alteration boundaries. Hence styles of 
alteration and mineralisation  occur within the  broad (>8 km along strike mineralis ation) >8.5 
Moz Kundana gold camp should be compared with those within  the Carbine- Paradigm area, 
which occurs some 30 km northwest of Kundana, sub- parallel to the structural trend ( Figure 
1).  
The Zorro prospect occurs approximately 1.2 km southeast of Carbine and slightly 
(~200m) eastward of the Carbine Thrust ( Figure 1). The area, like deposits within the 
Kundana Camp, occur along broad As-rich trends that help highlight key areas of the belt to 
explore in ( Figure 2). However as shown by Halley (unpublished, data) As and Sb anomalies 
form broad footprints around key structures, but do not provide precise tools to discover key mineralised zones. More precise data set, such as mineral zoning patterns, are required to target key areas.  
44Rocks consist of steeply dipping folded felsic to i ntermediate sediments, mafic and 
ultramafic rock types that are defined using Th -Zr-Ti and Cr  plots respectively ( Figure 3 and 
Figure 4). Ultramafic and mafic rocks occur to the east and felsic and intermediate rocks occur 
to the west of the studied area that impart a strong steeply dipping fabric. Structural 
measurements  show a sub- vertically dipping fabric that strikes towards the NW ( Figure 5 and 
Figure 6).  
 
Figure 2 Whole rock As values across the Kundana Gold Camp and towards Carbine. 
45 
Figure 3 Rock classification scheme fo r Phantom-Carbine-Zorro area based on 
lithogeochemistry. Multielement data provided by Northern Star Resources. 
46 
 
 
Figure 4 Geological map for the Phantom-Carbine-Zorro area based on lithogeochemistry, 
core logging and magnetics. 
Carbine  Phantom  
Zorro  
47 
Figure 5 Poles to bedding (orange) and poles to cleavage (blue) measurements from data 
collected from diamond hole ZODD17013. Blue line represents the orientation of the foliation. Based on limited bedding measurements (12) the fold axis appears to dip moderately towards the southeast (orange dot). 
48 
Figure 6 Cross-section of the geology at Zorro showing rock types determined using multi-
element geochemistry and bedding (yellow discs; a) and foliation (purple discs; b). Gold mineralisation occurs close to or along boundaries between the different rock types (c). A 
weathered profile was developed based on Ca- depletion (d).  
 
49The Zorro prospect occurs approximately 1.2 km southeast of Carbine and slightly 
(~200m) eastward of the Carbine Thrust ( Figure 1). Rocks consist of steeply dipping folded 
felsic to intermediate sediments , mafic and ultramafic rock types  that are defined using Th -
Zr-Ti and Th vs P ternary and binary plots respectively ( Figure 1). Ultramafic and mafic 
rocks occur to the east and felsic and intermediate rock s occur to the west of the studied area 
that impart a strong steeply dipping fabric. Structural measurements show a steep fabric that 
strikes towards the NW ( Figure 2 and Figure 3).  
Bedding is sub-parallel and discordant to the fabric, and appears consistent with 
tightly to isoclinal folded rocks ( Figure 3). Based on the distribution of rock types identified, 
bedding measurements and foliation measurements in ZODD17013, there appears to be 
evidence of folding along the contact between sediments and mafic rock s is depicted in 
Figure 3.  
 
Weathering  
 
Effects of weathering hold  important clues towards  understanding alteration patterns, 
and reduces risks of overlooking or misinterpreting mineral zonation patterns. Weatheri ng of 
sulphides leads to acidic fluids, which promote dissolution of calcite, leading to the mobility of Ca. Metasomatism in Archean gold systems often produces both calcite and sulphides, and 
hence the breakdown of sulphides in weakly weathered rocks should also promote the 
breakdown of calcite and  Ca mobility . At Zorro Ca-depleted zones occur from depths ranging 
from 30 to 150 meters beneath the surface ( Figure 3), and appears to be directly related to 
weathering . 
50The Ca-depletion zone also appears to closely follow the loss of calcite from the host 
rock (see below), consistent with the breakdown of calcite and Ca-mobility in the subsurface. 
Weathered rocks tend to have less than 1.5 weight percent Ca, which form a notable zone that 
transects all rock types from  approximately the upper 100 meters of the profile. Calcium 
depletion is shallow (~30m) in the east, and significantly deeper (100 to 150m) in the central and west. Of note is abundant S zones beneath the deep Ca- depleted zone in the central and 
western areas compared to the east  (Figure 4). Leaching of S (acid -forming) in the Ca- and S- 
depleted zones combined with the presence of more acidic resistant calcic-amphibol e bearing 
mafic rocks in the east may exp lain topographical complexity of the weathered profile; 
although detailed studies on the regolith would be required to confirm this hypothesis. 
Sodium and P show strong levels of depletion along a similar profile to  Ca and may 
be related to the breakdown of plagioclase and apatite respectively, possibly as a result of deeper weathering of the mineralised zones. Potassium does not show an obvious depletion zone as seen with Ca and Na, which is likely due to the fact that micas are more resistant to weathering compared to plagioclase and calcite. Mafic and ultramafic, as expected, are low in K compared to their felsic counterparts. Potassic-poor zones (<3000ppm) correlate with mafic and ultramafic rocks as opposed to the weathered profile determined using Ca. Felsic and intermediate rocks within the Ca-depletion zone contain K-values consistent with or slightly lower than equivalent rocks beneath the weathered zone. Depletion of P also indicates some complexity with resp ect to classifying felsic and intermediate rock types that 
are partly weathered, with all of the rocks classed as ‘P -poor intermediate- felsic sediments’ 
(Figure 3) coming from this zone. This reflects weathering not changes in sedimentary rock 
types. 
 
51 
Figure 7 Interpolated elemental values generated from downhole profiles. Mobile elements 
Na, K, P and S are considered to understand the effects of weathering on mineralogy. Na is largely con trolled by albite, K by mica, P by apatite and S by sulphides. Weathering appears 
to have had an effect on Na, P and S depletion. Potassium mobility appears less effected by weathering, and appears that rock type plays the biggest role in distribution of K. 
 
52Comments on gold mineralisation  at Zorro  
 
Rocks with gold grades above 0.5 ppm occur  close to lithological boundaries ( Figure 
3), likely reflecting fluid  pathways controlled by lithological boundaries. Vectors t hat 
controlled f luid-flow in 3D are not constrained , but orientation of bedding, foliation and fold 
axis (Figure 2) may have all  played a part in controlling fluid pathways. Rheological 
contrasts between rock types may also play an important role in focusing fluids. Contacts 
between mafic and ultramafic rocks contain gold mineralis ation (Figure 3). Talc-bearing 
ultramafic rocks may form an impermeable barrier and may help to  focus fluids along 
lithological boundaries. 
 
Figure 8 Interpolated elemental values generated from downhole profiles for Au and As for 
the Zorro prospect. 
 
 
 
53Assays show that gold mineralisation can occur in all types of rocks mapped here; 
however as mentioned above is best developed along lithological boundaries ( Figure 3 and 
Figure 5). Through SEM mineral mapping, gold was identified in sediments with alteration 
assemblages of albite -biotite-calcite-siderite-pyrite-arsenopyrite alteration ( Figure 6), 
classified as Stage 2C alteration ( see below). This Stage 2C alteration overprints tightly 
folded Stage 2A pyrite -chlorite veins and foliated andesine in ZORC17012 (161m depth).  
Gold occurs with assemblages of chlorite- calcite-dolomite-biotite in altered komatiite 
(ZORC17011-151m; Figure 7). Chlorite- calcite-dolomite-biotite-gersdorffite overprints a 
strong fabric containing Ca -feldspar (possibly Stage 2A see below) in host rock and may 
reflect the manifestation of Stage 2C alteration in komatiite through the addition of As.  
 
54 
Figure 9 SEM min eral mapping showing gold in sediments with stage 2C alteration 
assemblages of albite- biotite-calcite-siderite-pyrite-arsenopyrite alteration, which overprints 
tightly folded Stage 2A pyrite-chlorite veins and foliated andesine in ZORC17012 (161m 
depth). 
55 
Figure 10 SEM mineral mapping showing gold with assemblages of chlorite- calcite-
dolomite- biotite in altered komatiite. Chlorite -calcite-dolomite- biotite-gersdorffite overprints 
a strong fabric containing Ca-feldspar (possibly Stage 2A see below), which may reflect a 
manifestation of Stage 2C alteration in komatiite ZORC17011 (depth 151m). 
56Alteration Paragenesis  
 
Kundana Area  
 
Sedimentary rocks of the Talbot Formation in the Coolgardie Domain are widespread 
and occur at Zorro prospe ct/Carbine -Paradigm area and west of the Kundana gold camp in 
the south ( Tripp, 2013). Alteration in fresh Talbot Formation was mapped by Walshe and 
Bath (2014) in the hangingwall of the White Foil gold system, and alteration is further 
documented in the M452 project ( Figure 8; Bath et al., 2017). Alteration  paragenesis 
integrated with  detailed structural framework generated from underground mapping of the 
Kundana camp at Hornets, Rubicon and Pegasus was also conduc ted as part of the M452 
project (Figure 9 and Figure 10; Miller et al., 2017). The alteration framework generated at 
Kundana may be compared to Zorro to potentially identif y broader district-scale patterns  
versus local - and camp -scale alteration patterns , and look to draw parallels between the two 
areas.  
Stage 1A alteration in the Talbot Formation to the west of the White Foil deposit 
occurs as fine-grained andesine-quartz- biotite-microcline -muscovite- titanite, which is 
overprinted by Stage 1C albite-quartz- chlorite-calcite-microcline -muscovite- ilmenite-titanite-
pyrrhotite  (Figure 8). Weak mineralisation in the Talbot Formation is associated with quartz-
poor Stage 2B andesine- actinolite-hornblende- biotite-pyrite +/- calcite alteration, overprinted 
by late Stage 2D thin veins of microcline- chlorite-calcite-titanite. 
Not seen within the Talbot Formation west of White Foil, but significa nt along the K2 
line of lode at Pegasus, Rubicon and Hornets is Stage 2A alteration. Stage 2A alteration is 
distinctly carbonate -poor muscovite-anorthite alteration and was generated during the 
development of a steeply dipping D2 fabric (Stage 2A alteration generated during the stretching of plagioclase phenocrysts in Victorious Basalt).  
57 
Figure 11 Photographs and false coloured TIMA mineral maps for rocks from the Black Flag 
Deposit to the west of the White Foil deposit in the South Kundana area in the Coolgardie Domain showing key cross-cutting relationships in the Talbot Formation. These images define an alteration paragenesis. Images a-b show evidence of an early Stage 1A andesine-biotite-microcline -muscovite assemblage, which in ‘c’ is overprinted by Stage 1C albite-
chlorite-calcite-microcline- muscovite- ilmenite-titanite-pyrrhotite. Images e-f show Stage 2B 
andesine- actinolite -hornblende- biotite-pyrite +/- calcite alteration that overprints Stage 1C. 
Image g shows thin (<1mm) Stage 2D veins of microcline- calcite-titanite with albite 
selvages, which have cross -cut Stage 2B andesine- actinolite -hornblende- biotite-pyrite +/- 
calcite alteration.  
58 
Figure 12 Integrated structural and alteration paragenetic framework for the Kundana area. 
 
Zorro prospect  
 
Alteration at Zorro  can be summarised  as: 
Stage 1A:  Calcic-amphibole – andesine – ilmenite identified in mafic  rocks. 
Stage 1C albite -quartz ± ilmenite . In sediments, a lbite grains are subhedral and tabular in 
shape reflecting selective replacement of calcic- plagioclase ( Figure 11 and Figure 12). 
 
Stage 1C albite is cross-cut by veins ( Figure 11) or pervasive Stage 2A. In some areas Stage 
2A alteration is pervasive and there are only fine relicts of Stage 1C albite in the core altered 
plagioclase grains, which have had a protracted alteration history ( Figure 12). Stage 2A  
alteration can be defined as:  
59Stage 2A andesine – biotite – K-feldspar – quartz - ilmenite ± pyrrhotite ± pyrite ± sphalerite 
± chlorite ± calcite ± calcic amphibole  (Figure 11 - 15) 
Stage 2A alteration is cross -cut by veins (Figure 14) or pervasive Stage 2B alteration  
Stage 2B anorthite - muscovite ± phengite ± pyrrhotite ± calcite ± biotite ± titanite  ± 
arsenopyrite ± gold(?)  (Figure 13-14 and Figure 16) 
Stage 2B veins can occur parallel to the dominant fabric ( Figure 13); however pervasive 
Stage 2B muscovite -anorthite ± bioti te alteration appears to cross -cut the dominant foliation  
in many areas  (e.g., Figure 14), suggesting that Stage 2B alteration post-dates much of the 
deformation. It is difficult to find  direct evidence of cross -cutting relationships  between Stage 
2B and 2C alteration; although the two styles of alteration do appear spatially adjacent to one 
another. One sample does appear to show Stage 2B alteration cross- cut by Stage 2C albite 
veins (Figure 16). 
Stage 2C albite -biotite-calcite ± K -feldspar ± pyrite ± arsenopyrite ± siderite  ± dolomite  ± 
gold 
Stage 2D alteration cross -cuts Stage 2B veins ( Figure 17).  
Stage 2D  chlorite-K-feldspar (Figure 17). 
 
 
 
 
60 
Figure 13 a. Paragenetic diagram for the Kundana area from work carried out around the 
Pegasus Deposit. B. Paragenetic diagram for the Zorro prospect. 
 
 
 
 
61Comparison  of alter ation stages  between Kundana and Zorro  
 
Early Stage 1C albite ± quartz alteration is present in both areas. Stage 2 alteration , 
which is linked to key alteration events at Kundana assemblages show consistency between 
the two areas; however one of the key differences between Pegasus and Zorro is the timing of assemblages  within the Stage 2 alteration  sequence. At Pegasus carbonate-poor muscovite-
anorthite alteration was generated during the development of a steeply dipping D2 fabric (Stage 2A alteration generated during the stretching of plagioclase phenocrysts ; Figure 9) and 
pre-dates Stage 2B andesine- biotite alteration generated during D3 (also generated during the 
development of a steeply dipping fabric ; Figure 9). At Zorro, Stage 2A andesine- biotite-
calcite alteration is overprinted by often carbonate-poor Stage 2B muscovite-anorthite 
alteration, and therefore assemblages associated with these two events appear to have 
occurred at (relatively) opposite times  in the paragenetic sequence. The moderately west 
dipping pode Stage 2C alteration of biotite- anorthite alteration was not identified at Zorro  
from the current data- set. At Zorro  Stage 2C albite -biotite-calcite ± K -feldspar ± pyrite ± 
arsenopyrite ± siderite ± dolomite ± gold, which post- dates the generati on of the dominant 
foliation, appears unique between the two areas . Late Stage 2D chlorite -K-feldspar alteration 
was identi fied in both areas, and may be part of a commo n retrograde(?) alteration event in 
these systems . 
 
62 
Figure 14 False  coloured TIMA mineral map and photo of Talbot Formation (defined here as 
phosphorous- rich intermediate to felsic sediment)  that shows strong Stage 1C albite 
alteration overprinted by Stage 2A andesine- biotite-calcic-amphibole alteration. 
 
63 
Figure 15 False coloured TIMA mineral map and photo of Talbot Formation (defined here as 
phosphorous- and thorium-poor intermediate to felsic sediment) that shows relics of Stage 1C albite alteration overprinted by strongly foliated (white arrow) Stage 2A andesine- biotite-
calcic-amphibole alteration. Stage 2A alteration and foliation is cross-cut (discordantly) by quartz-chlorite veins (yellow arrow). 
64 
Figure 16 False coloured TIMA mineral map and photo of Talbot Formation (defined here as 
phosphorous- and thorium-poor intermediate to felsic sediment) that shows a strong sub-vertically dipping NW-striking fabric defined by the alignment of Stage 2A andesine- biotite-
calcite-pyrrhotite-ilmenite. Thin veins of Stage 2B anorthite-muscovite, which cross-cut Stage 
2A alteration, are also parallel to the dominant farbric, indicating that the fabric developed during both Stage 2A and 2B alteration.  
65 
Figure 17 False coloured TIMA mineral map of RC chip sample from the Talbot Formation 
(defined here as phosphorous- and thorium-poor intermediate to felsic sediment) showing complex paragenetic relationships. Stage 2A andesine- biotite-chlorite-pyrrhotite is 
overprinted by Stage 2B muscovite-anorthite with biotite overgrowths on top of Stage 2B muscovite.  Stage 2B alteration assemblages are cross-cut by Stage 2D K-feldspar- chlorite 
veins. In this sample Stage 2B alteration appears to overprint a foliation evident in with 
Stage 2A alteration. 
66 
Figure 18 False coloured TIMA mineral map of RC chip sample from the Talbot Formation 
(defined here as phosphorous-poor intermediate to felsic sediment) showing Stage 2A andesine- biotite-K-feldspar alteration overprinted by Stage 2C albite- calcite-K-feldspar 
alteration.  
67 
Figure 19 False coloured TIMA mineral map of RC chip sample from the Talbot Formation 
(defined here as phosphorous- and thorium-poor intermediate to felsic sediment) showing strong well-developed Stage 2B anorthite-muscovite- biotite-pyrrhotite alteration cross- cut by 
Stage 2C albite vein.  
 
68 
 
Figure 20 False coloured TIMA mineral map of RC chip sample from the Talbot Formation 
(defined here as phosphorous- and thorium-poor intermediate to felsic sediment) showing Stage 2D chlorite-K-feldspar-quartz veins that cross-cut Stage 2B muscovite-anorthite- biotite 
alteration. 
69Mineral zoning patterns  
 
 Mineral zonation patterns can be identified using a range of elements that strongly 
control rock forming minerals (e.g., sulphur, titanium, potassium, calcium, silicon and 
arsenic). Where possible, the loss, gain or re-hosting in new phases of elements du ring 
metasomatism or weathering are important to track as these provide the critical links to understanding processes and the significance of zonation patterns. 
 
Presentation of data  
 
 To map alteration  related to hypogene alteration , two main types of min eral data were 
used. These include modal mineralogy calculated from SEM mineral mapping and elemental 
deportment. The latter gives precise insights into which phase(s) play lead roles in deportment of particular elements, allowing direct comparisons to be made between whole rock geochemistry and mineralogy. Raw mineral data exported from the TIMA program was grouped based on rock types determined using multi- element geochemistry and pXRF data. 
Levelling of data against rock type was then attempted. Prior to  any levelling, skewness and 
kurtosis values were calculated for selected  mineral types for each rock type to test if data is 
normal in distribution. Populations with skewness values between -2 and +2 and kurtosis values between -3 and +3 were considered acceptable for levelling.  For most rock types, Ti -
phases and quartz showed normal distributions and were selected for mean data levelling. 
Mineral types with highly skewed, ‘flat-topped’ uniform or ‘spiked’ distributions for the various rock types were excluded from data levelling. Data not levelled are presented as raw values. 
70 
Figure 21 Cross- sections of the geology at Zorro showing rock types, interpolated elemental  
and mineral values generated from downhole profiles and key sulphide mineral zonation 
patterns. Note the occurrence of a pyrrhotite-rich (> 0.5 vol. %) domain that occurs deep and central and is surrounded by gold mineralis ed zones, which predominantly occur along 
lithological boundaries. 
71Data levelling was  effective at distinguishing notable mineral domains, which are not evident 
from raw mineral data. Levelled data, raw  mineral data and whole rock geochemistry were 
used to generate inverse distant weighted (IDW) interpolation grids generated using the 
IogasTM along a cross -section through Zorro. 
 
Sulphides  
 
Sulphides show skewed distributions and here we present raw mineral values. Inverse 
distant weighted grids show a deep well-developed pyrrhotite zone that formed mainly during 
Stage 2A alteration ( Figure 12), and also to a less of a degree during Stage 2B alteration  
(Figure 16). The pyrrhotite-zone forms a steeply dipping body along the NW- SE cross-
section (Figure 18), sub-parallel to the dominant fabric in the rock. Much of the pyrrhotite 
within pyrrhotite -dominant domains occurs with Stage 2A alteration assemblages ( Figure 
13). These pyrrhotite-dominant domains are notably poorly mineralis ed; however peripheral 
zones tend to be well mineralis ed (Figure 18 and Figure 19). This indicates a spatial 
relationship between Sta ge 2A pyrrhotite -dominant domains and gold mineralis ation.  
A strong pyrite -only zone occurs above the pyrrhotite zone, and these are commonly 
identified with Stage 2C alteration  (Figure 6); although pyrite is also  identified with Stage 2A 
alteration ( Figure 11). Magnetite is poorly developed along the section. A zone with Fe-oxide 
zone occurs within the Ca-depleted zone, and some of this could be hematite as a result of weathering.  
 
  
72Plagioclase  
 
 The pyrrhotite- dominant zone best reflects the spatial distribution of Stage 2A 
alteration, and this style of alteration overprints Stage 1C albite alteration ( Figure 11). The 
distributio n of albite highlights areas where Stage 1C or 2C alteration have occurred. 
Diamond core ZODD17013 intersects much of the deeper mineralis ed zones and albite 
alteration in this hole appears to be dominated by Stage 1C alteration ( Figure 11). Only relicts 
of Stage 1C albite alteration are observed in areas where there is pervasive Stage 2A 
alteration ( Figure 12 and Figure 19). Stage 1C albite alteration is preserved in areas 
peripheral to where strong Stage 2A alteration occurs ( Figure 19 and Figure 20), and is 
thought to have been more spatially extensive prior to Stage 2A and Stage 2B alteration. In 
some areas Stage 1C albite alteration is pervasive, and has had a very strong effect on particular sedimentary rock types , such as phosphorous- rich intermediate to felsic sediment  
(Figure 11). In some areas Stage 1C alteration is also thought to be asso ciated with quartz 
dissolution, as numerous felsic to intermediate sedimentary rocks with high albite contain  
little to no quartz ( Figure 20). Stage 1C albitisation could have been an important ‘pre-
conditioning’ of host rocks to promote porosity and permeability prior to mineralisation (e.g., Putnis, 2009; Bath et al., 2013; Warren et al., submitted). 
Andesine is a key assemblage with Stage 2A alteration and in a number of areas 
andesine alteration is spatially consistent with areas of pyrrhotite alteration ( Figure 20). 
However andesine also appears to be a part of Stage 1A alteration (m etamorphism) in mafic 
rocks and is potentially far more extensive beyond the current studied cross-section.  
  
73 
Figure 22 Down hole profiles for diamond hole ZODD17013 showing the total abundance of 
S, Na, Ca, Cr and Au in each sample. S, Na and Ca values are calculated from minerals 
using the TIMA data, and show a very strong correlation with pXRF analysis obtained from the same sample (with the exception of Na, which is not measured with the pXRF). The mineral data on these plots sh ows the proportion of S, Ca or Na deported within the major 
minerals. This gives significant insights into the main host(s) mineral for these important elements. 
 
 
74 Anorthite alteration associated with Stage 2B alteration is in many areas subtle and 
makes up a minor component of the bulk rock mineralogy (e.g., Figure 13). Apart from a 
couple of samples in diamond hole ZODD17013, Stage 2B anorthite alteration is generally 
not pervasive nor widespread within deeper parts of the system on the cross-section studied here (Figure 19 and Figure 20). Stage 2B anorthite is best developed in phosphorous- and 
thorium-poor intermediate to felsi c sediment s in the lower parts of RC hole ZORC17011, 
where it makes up greater than 5 volume percent of the rock ( Figure 20), and occur over a 
down hole distance of approximately 50 meters. In the deeper parts of t he studied cross -
section, anorthite is mainly observed along or close to  lithological boundaries that host 
mineralisation, and these narrow anorthite intervals appear to be carbonate-poor ( Figure 20). 
The lack of calcite with Stage 2B anorthite and muscovite alteration appears consistent with Stage 2B fluids being acidic along  some lithological contacts within the deeper parts of the 
cross-section (Figure 19). The occurrence of Stage 2B anorthite along or near mineralis ed 
lithological boundaries appears consistent with the contention that Stage 2B is linked to gold mineralisation.  
 
Calcite  
 
 Calcite metasomatism occurs in peripheral domains around areas of Stage 2B 
anorthite zones and is linked to Stage 2A and 2C alteration. It is possible that under acidic conditions anorthite and/or andesine are stable, whereas when  fluids beca me neutral or 
alkaline calcite tended  to take up the Ca as opposed to anorthite. This along with possible 
temperature gradients may explain some of the mineral zoning and antithetical  relationship 
between calcite and anorthite at Zorro . 
75 
Figure 23 Cross- sections of the geology at Zorro showing rock types, interpolated mineral 
values generated from downhole profiles. 
 
  
76Quartz  
 
 A downhole bar graph for diamond hole ZODD17013 is shown in Figure 21 and 
demonstrates  the abundance of Si in bulk rock and Si deported in key phases, such as quartz . 
Mafic rocks  from mineralised domains show with significant amounts of quartz (black bar) 
compared to mafic rock at shallower downhole depths. As noted in Figure 21 the addition of 
quartz into the host rock does not correspond with an increase in bulk rock Si. There are also 
quartz-poor zones in felsic to intermediate sediments at a  depth 515 to 554 meters and these 
appear consistent with quartz depletion at the time of Stage 1C albite alteration.  
 
 
Figure 24 Downhole profiles for diamond hole ZODD17013 showing the total abundance of 
Si relative to Cr (rock type classification) and Au mineralisation. Bulk rock Si is calculated from mineralogy. The bar graph shows the abundance of Si in bulk rock as well the proportion of Si deported in key phases. The red box on the bar graph shows mafic rocks with significant amounts of quartz (black bar) compared to mafic rock at shallower downhole depths. As noted in the figure the addition of quartz into the host rock does not correspond 
with an increase in bulk rock Si. There are also quartz-poor zones in felsic to intermediate 
77sediments at a depth 515 to 554m and these appear consistent with quartz depletion at the 
time Stage 1C albite alteration.  
 
Quartz abundance does show normal distribution for the various rock types, and therefore 
mean levelling was carried out to identify enriched and depleted quartz zones. Interpolated levelled values were projected onto the studied cross- section at Zorro ( Figure 22). As 
identified in the downhole profile of Figure 21, there are depleted and enriched intervals and 
these intervals become clear quartz depletion and enrichment zones on the quartz levelled -to-
rock type cross-section shown in Figure 22. 
 
Potassic phases  
Potassic minerals showed skewed distributions for most rock types and here we 
present raw mineral values. Muscovite alterati on is mostly associated with Stage 2B 
alteration and well -developed domains occur along lithological contact which are mineralised 
(Figure 23). Minor, trace amounts of phengite (Al-poor muscovite; <0.5 vol. %) occu r with 
muscovite and mineralisation in shallower parts of the system. In deeper parts of the system, phengite is best developed in biotite- and pyrrhotite- rich zones, which occur between 
mineralised pathways. K-feldspar is developed in the west along the c ontact and is generally 
not associated with gold mineralisation in the deeper parts of the system.  
 
78 
Figure 25 Cross- sections of the geology at Zorro showing rock types, interpolated mineral 
values generated from downhole profiles. 
 
79 
Figure 26 Cross- sections of the geology at Zorro showing rock types, interpolated mineral 
values generated from downhole profiles for muscovite, phengite and biotite. Cartoon section 
summarising the key potassic alteration zonation patterns. 
80 
Titanium phases  
Modal mineralogy of Ti-phases showed normal distribution for most rock types and 
here we present as rock type levelled values  on a series of cross-sections ( Figure 24 ). There 
are notable rutile -ilmenite domains in the upper part of the cross-section. These rutile- bearing 
domains correspond well with areas of calcite metasomatism and with zones of 
mineralisation in the upper parts of the cross- section. Mineralised zones in deeper part s of the 
cross-section correspond with complex zones of titanite, rutile and ilmenite along lithological 
boundaries ( Figure 24 ). The presence of titanite in the mineralised zones in the deeper parts 
of the system  may reflect higher temperatures within deeper parts of the mineral system  
(Figure 24 ).  
 
Arsenide phases  
 Rocks with detectable arsenides were compiled onto cross -section (Figure 28). These 
arsenide zones consist of arsenopyrite- , cobaltite - and gersdorffite- dominant areas. Arsenide 
zones are best developed in the upper parts and eastern areas on the cross- section in areas and 
overlap with zones of mineralisation. Gersdorffi te is well-developed in ultramafic rocks in 
the hanging wall, and there are well -developed arsenopyrite domains in the upper parts of the 
cross-section in sediments. These arsenopyrite- domains overlap with areas of elevated As 
from the whole rock geochemistry. There are notable As -rich zones (>800 ppm As), which 
coincides with arsenopyrite- and pyrite-rich domains ( Figure 21 and Figure 28). These 
arsenide zones formed at the time of Stage 2C alteration at the time of gold mineralisation (Figure 9). 
 
81 
Figure 27 Cross- sections of the geology at Zorro showing rock types, interpolated mineral 
values generated from downhole profiles and key titanium phase zonation patterns. 
 
82 
Figure 28 Cross- sections of the geology at Zorro showing rock types, As values, interpolated 
mineral values generated from downhole profiles and key arsenide zonation patterns. 
 
Mineral zoning patterns at Zorro  
 
 Mineral zoning patterns at Zorro can be divided into domains that reflect the depth 
and breadth  of the mineral system. Deep  central parts of the mineral system contain what 
appear to be higher temperature assemblages of pyrrhotite- biotite-andesine- ilmenite with 
zones of anorthite and quartz along the margins where gold mineralisation occurs. U pper and 
lateral parts of the system contain pyrite -muscovite -albite-calcite-ilmenite-rutile ± titanite and 
arsenides. Deeper lateral domains  are relatively enriched in pyrrhotite than the upper parts of 
the system . Minerals such as pyrite, muscovite, arsenides and Ti- phases appear to be 
preserved  within weathered areas, which show evidence of Ca-depletion. These minerals can 
83be used to explore mineral systems in moderately weathered rocks, which show evidence of 
Ca-depletion. 
 
Figure 29 Illustration showing the occurrence of minerals from a mineral zonation 
perspective within the Talbot Formation s ediments at Zorro. Inferences have been made in 
regards to relative system temperature and reference to gold mineralisation (noted with ‘$’). The illustration also shows minerals zoning patterns that have survived into the weathered profile. 
 
 
  
 
 
84Geology of the Carbine Deposit 
 
 The Carbine Deposit can  defined as having a footwall with ultramfics  (+/- mafics). 
The hangingwall contains a mix of felsic to intermediate volcaniclastics as well and mafic 
volcanics  (Figure 30). Slivers of ultramafics were also detected in the hangingwall. Gold 
mineralisation occurs along the Carbine Thrust, which occurs as the contact between footwall ultramafic/mafics  and intermediate or felsic sediments in the hangingwall. Mineralisation  
also occurs in the hangingwall of the Carbine Thrust ( Figure 30), and occurs within ductile 
domains. Some of these hangingwall  domains are defined by arsenides and anorthite 
alteration (see below) , others, arsenides and albite. 
 We constructed a composite cross -section through Carbine to show rock types, and 
related mineralised zones ( Figure 30).     
 
 
 
  
 
 
85 
Figure 30 Geological map and cross- section of the Carbine Deposit. Rock types are based on 
lithogeochemistry. 
86 
Alteration at Carbine 
 
Paragenesis 
 
 The alteration paragenesis  documented for Zorro is consistent with  that along strike  at 
Carbine. Stage 1A  Calcic-amphibole – andesine – ilmenite identified in mafic  rocks. 
Stage 1C albite -quartz ± ilmenite . In sediments, albite grains are subhedral and tabular in 
shape reflecting selective replacement of calcic- plagioclase. Gold- related stage 2 alteration 
events appear in the same order and changes are denoted by changes in feldspar composition. 
At Carbine, stage 2 alteration can be documented as: 
 Stage 2A andesine – quartz- biotite – muscovite - K-feldspar – quartz - ilmenite ± pyrrhotite 
± pyrite ± sphalerite ± chlorite ± calcite ± calcic amphibole . This alteration event is 
overprinted by the strong foliation in the rock. Traces of gold mineralisation are observed 
within quartz ( Figure 31, Figure 32).   
 
Stage 2B anorthite – chlo rite - muscovite ± phengite ± pyrrhotite ± calcite ± biotite ± titanite 
± arsenopyrite ± gold(?) (Figure 34).  
 Stage 2B chlorite veins are folded and therefore this alteration event appears to correspond 
with ductile deformation.  At Carbine mineralised lodes that occur in the hangingwall of the 
Carbine Thrust appear to occur within domains of ductile deformation. Downhole profiles of 
anorthite in DDH CBDD18245 appear to show notable hangingwall mineralised zones  
87 
Figure 31 Downhole profile for DDH CBDD18245 from Carbine showing rock types, TIMA 
mineral modal abundances and gold grade. Location of DDH CBDD18245 can be viewed in Figure 30. Rock photo and TIMA mineral map of sample CBDD18245 at 187.2m depth showing stage 2A quartz-andesine- muscovite-K-feldspar- biotite-gold alteration. Figure 32 
shows gold in quartz veins from the insert labelled ‘Next Figure’.    
88 
Figure 32 TIMA minera l map of sample CBDD18245 at 187.2m depth showing stage 2A 
quartz-andesine- muscovite- biotite-gold alteration. Gold occurs in quartz bands that define 
the foliation in the rock. 
 
between 220 and 280m ( Figure 34). These hangingwall mineralised domains appear 
consistent with zones of anorthite alteration ( Figure 32). In some areas Stage 2B anorthite 
occurs with strong arsenopyrite alteration (e.g., CBDD16039_136m). Therefore, linking 
arsenic alteration to stage  2B alteration. Of note is the lack of carbonate alteration associated 
with stage 2B alteration.   
 
Stage 2C albite -biotite-calcite ± K -feldspar ± pyrite ± arsenopyrite ± siderite ± dolomite ±  
Ca-amphibole ± gold  (Figure 35, Figure 36). 
 As at Zorro Stage 2C alteration at Carbine is associated with brittle vein sets, and this style of 
alteration is commonly associated with mineralisation along the Carbine Thrust ( Figure 35).  
89 
Figure 33 Downhole profile for DDH CBDD18245 from Carbine showing rock types, TIMA 
mineral modal abundances and gold grades. Location of DDH CBDD18245 can be viewed  
from Figure 30. Rock photo of sample CBDD18245 at 287.5m depth showing location of 
TIMA scan. False coloured TIMA mineral map showing stage 2B anorthite- chlorite-titanite-
pyrrhotite (red)  with biotite and muscovite. Chlorite bands are folded. 
90 
Figure 34 Downhole profile for DDH CBDD18245 from Carbine showing rock types, TIMA 
mineral modal abundances and gold grades. Location of DDH CBDD18245 can be viewed from Figure 30. Rock photo of sample CBDD18245 at 371.4 m depth showing location of 
TIMA scan. False coloured TIMA mineral map showing stage 2C albite-arsenopyrite- biotite-
calcite-siderite-amphibole. Stage 2C pyrite shows dissolution texture with pyrite replaced by 
siderite.  
91 
Figure 35 BSE image of sample CBDD18245 at 371.4 m depth showing stage 2C gold 
inclusions in stage 2C arsenopyrite from Carbine. See ‘Next Slide’ insert in Figure 34. 
 
complex relationships exist between pyrite and arsenopyrite-carbonates in stage 2C veins. 
Stage 2C pyrite crystallised prior to arsenopyrite and carbonates. Calcite rims the carbonate and network of dissolution textures occur within pyrite, which occur as siderite. There carbonate has replaced pyrite and scavenged Fe during Stage 2C alteration based on these textures (Figure 35). Gold inclusions occur along growth zones in arsenopyrite indicating a 
direct link between gold mineralisation and the crystallisation of arsenides.  
    
 
Spatial Relationships  
 
 Arsenide minerals correspond with mineralised zones at Carbine, both along the 
Carbine Thrust and within the hangingwall of the deposit ( Figure 34, Figure 35). The link 
92between arsenides and gold mineralisation are supported by both spatial and temporal data 
sets (see paragenesis  section for Carbine). Gold and arsenide zones are pyrrhotite-poor ; 
however pyrrhotite -rich domains occurring peripheral to the arsenide domains and gold 
mineralisation  and form extend at least 50 meters from the lode zones  (Figure 36) . These 
form a notable zonation pattern to the lodes. Pyrite also occurs within some mineralised 
zones; however pyrite enrichment  only occurs  in lode zones that are associated with stage 2C 
albite alteration.  
 As described above in the paragenesis section, plagioclase is an important mineral 
with respect to mineralisation. Stage 2B anorthite and stage 2C albite appear to be significantly important. As shown on a cross-section through Carbine, anorthite and albite domains occur down DDH CBDD18245 and these zones correspond with mineralised zones (Figure 33, Figure 34, Figure 37). The Carbine Thrust and two of the mineralised zones in the 
hangingwa ll all correspond with albite alteration, whereas one particular mineralised zone in 
the hangingwall corresponds anorthite alteration of felsic, intermediate and mafic rock types 
(Figure 33, Figure 37). Switches in the relationship of albite or anorthite with mineralisation  
along the cross -section through Carbine are shown in Figure 37. This cross- section 
demonstrates that there are at least two main stages of gold mineralisation and  that these two 
stage stages of alteration can be mapped using plagioclase composition. Both stages of mineralisation have similar sulphide zonation patterns , and therefore it appears that the 
composition of plagioclase associated with mineralisation is important with respect to distinguishing the different ore zones in the hangingwall.   
 
93 
Figure 36 Cross-section through the Carbine deposit showing the location of the Carbine 
Thrust and modal abundances of total arsenides (arsenopyrite+gersdorffite+cobaltite) and pyrrhotite from TIMA mineral mapping. Arrows point to notable high-grade intercepts in DDH CBDD18245. Note that arsenides are enriched along mineralised intercepts whereas pyrrhotite forms a halo around mineralised zones. Location of cross-section is shown on Figure 30. 
94 
Figure 37 Cross-section through the Carbine deposit showing the location of the Carbine 
Thrust and modal abundances of anorthite and albite from TIMA miner al mapping. Arrows 
point to notable high-grade intercepts in DDH CBDD18245. Note that stage 2B anorthite enriched along one of the hangingwall lode zones. Stage 2C albite is enriched along other lode zones including the Carbine Thrust. Location of cross- section is shown on Figure 30. 
95 
 
 
 
Figure 38 Geological map of the Phantom-Carbine-Zorro area with modal abundances of 
calcite determined from TIMA mineral mapping. Note that the Phantom, Carbine and Zorro all occur along the Carbine Thrust these zones are enriched in calcite. Rocks away from these zones are generally calcite-poor. Cross-section through the Carbine deposit showing the location of the Carbine Thrust and modal abundances of calcite from TIMA mineral mapping. Arrows point to notable high-grade intercepts in DDH CBDD18245. Lode zones are enriched in calcite. Location of cross-section is shown on Figure 30. 
96 
 
Carbonate alteration is shown to be important with respect to sta ge 2C alteration at 
both Zorro and at Carbine ( Figure 9, Figure 34 ). Much of the calcite and siderite around the 
ore zones wa s introduced at the time of stage 2C alteration and occurs with  arsenides  (Figure 
34). Areas that contain mineralisation in DDH CBDD18245 mostly contain calcite ( Figure 
38); although some exceptions exist. One type of reaction that appears very important in the 
Archean gold systems are reactions that liberate Ca. Archean Au systems are associated with 
CO2-rich fluids, and Ca from precursor silicate phases is often liberated and made available 
to stabilise carbonates. In ore zones andesine-quartz may breakdown to albite- calcite: 
  
Na0.5Ca0.5Al1.5Si2.5O8 + 2SiO 2 + H2CO3 + NaCl = 1.5 NaAlSi 3O8 + 0.5CaCO 3 + HCl + H+  (1) 
In contrast to stage 2B and 2C alteration, stage 2A muscovite-rich domains tend to be 
calcite-poor ( Figure 31, Figure 38). These domains can be weakly mineralised and the lack of 
calcite in these domains relates to  possible relative  acidic conditions, which suppresses the 
crystallisation of carbonate. Stage 2A alteration and mineralisation appears to  have occurred 
under low pH conditions (pH <4). 
There is also a lack of calcite with stage 2B anorthite alteration ; although in some 
cases calcite appear present. The presence of titanite with stage 2B anorthite is consistent with this style of alteration forming at relatively high temperatures.  Temperature estimates 
from a phase diagram in  Figure 39 , which assumes conditions of calcite saturation at the time 
of Stage 2 B alteration indicates temperatures between 460 to 490°C and XCO
2 conditions of 
97fluids between 0.4 and 0.6. These conditions appear similar to those estimated for the 
Corkwood prospect within the Yamarna Terrane (see Bath et al., this volume). Lower   
temperatures are estimated for Stage 2C alteration, as these alteration assemblages appear in the rutile stability field.   
98 
Figure 39 Thermodynamic model to estimate possible T and XCO2 conditions for select 
mineral phases in the presence of excess quartz, calcite and pyrrhotite. Stage 2B alteration from Carbine contains assemblages of anorthite- titanite-chlorite-biotite-pyrrhotite +/- calcite 
Hangingwall stage 2 B anorthite -titanite +/ -biotite  
Hangingwall stage 2A andesine -muscovite -K-feldspar  
99at the time of mineralisation. Assuming the system is close to quartz saturation then ‘blue’ 
ellipsoid highlights possible T and XCO 2 conditions at the time of mineralisation and Stage 
2B alteration. Temperature range of 460 to 490°C and XCO 2 conditions of 0.4 to 0.7 
(although assumes a quartz saturation). Green represents inferred range for Stage 2A alteration based off mineral assemblages andesine- muscovite-K-feldspar +/- biotite-calcite. 
Modified from Walshe et al. (this volume).   
 
 At the broader tenement- scale, notable arsenopyrite  zones occur along or close to the C arbine 
Thrust consistent with arsenides spatially related to gold mineralisation at Carbine and along 
the main shear zones ( Figure 35). There are, however, notable gersdorffite alteration domains 
within the footwall of the Carbine Thrust in ultramafic rocks, suggesting leaky pathways for stage 2 fluids ( Figure 40). An area 1 km south of Carbine shows strong gersdorffite alteration 
of the ultramafic rock, and this area would be consistent with a leaky pathway ( Figure 40).  
 Stage 2B alteration notably is anorthite -rich in a range of different rock types (felsic 
to mafic). Maps that show the distribution of anorthite across the Phantom-Carbine-Zorro Gold camp show that anorthite is notably enriched along the Carbine Thrust between the three prospects ( Figure 35). There is also a notable anorthite domain about 1 kilometer south 
of Carbine and close to the gersdorfitte domain describe above.   
100 
 
Figure 40 Geological map of the Phantom-Carbine-Zorro area with modal abundances of 
gersfdorffite and anorthite determined from TIMA mineral mapping. Note that the Phantom, Carbine and Zorro all occur along the Carbine Thrust these zones are enriched in these minerals. Rocks away from these zones are generally poor in these minerals although some interesting gersdorffite and anorthite zones do exist and may indicate leaky pathways for hot fluids related to mineralisation at Carbine. 
 
 
101Geology  of Kun dana area  
 
Introduction  
 
A revised geological map  of the Kundana camp  was generated to understand the 
geology of the Papa Bear prospect based off recent core logging. Multi- element geochemical 
data-sets were provided by Northern Star Resources and Evolution Mining were used to help 
construct these maps. These data sets along with geophysical data sets were integrated  to 
define rock types and to help extend a geological map constructed by Miller (2018). The 
revised map also made use of the extensive amount of work carried out by Tripp (2013).  
 
Geochemical Plots  
 
 Mafic and ultramafic rocks  can largely  be classified using the ternary  Th-Cr-Ti plot as 
shown in Figure 3. Intermediate, fractionat ed gabbros (i.e. Powder Sill) and felsic 
sedimentary rock units are difficult to classify and here we present a series of diagrams used to help classify rock types in order to construct the geological map. A ternary and  a series of  
binary diagrams were devised in Python to construct  the classification scheme. This scheme 
was based on assessing spatial relationships with inferred value ranges and ratios. Results of 
this classification  can be viewed  on a series of scatter plots that include elements Th, Sc, P, 
Nb and Th.   
 There appears to be no straight forward  solution to spatially dividing sedimentary 
units on the map with a high level of precision using the multi- elements. Many sedimentary 
packages have a wide range of composition  that chemically overlap with units that do not 
appear to be spatially related.  Here we combine spatial relationships , magnetics  and 
chemistry to revise the geological map.  
102   The ternary Th -Cr-Ti plot has been used in the past to divide mafic and ultramafic 
rocks (e.g. Walshe et al., 2014). In the Kalgoorlie Terrane the plot is an effect way to divide 
variably fractionated  low-Th theoliites (Lunnon Basalt), intermediate -Th basalts (Devon 
Consols Basalt), high- Th basalt (Paringa Basalt) and ultramafic rocks. The scheme has been 
adopted in the current study. The lithogeochemistry shows that the Victorious Basalt 
(immediate hangingwall of the K2 lode) has chemistry consistent with low -Th theoliites 
(Lunnon Basalt), whereas the Bent Tree Basalt  has a composition intermediate -Th basalts 
(Devon Consols Basalt ; Figure 41 and Figure 42). 
Rocks such as Powder Sill gabbro, felsic and intermediate sedimentary/granitoids plot 
on the ternary Th- Cr-Ti diagram plot significantly closer to the Th apex than basalts or 
ultramafic. As shown in Figure 41, Powder Sill gabbro, felsic and intermediate sedimentary 
units can be divided using plots involving Th versus Sc, Nb and P. Powder Sill gabbro have Nb/Th ratios greater than 0.8. Powder Sill Gabbro units can be sub-divided based on Nb, Sc and P values. Fractionated Powder Sill, which in places have internal pegmatite zones, such as those close to the White Foil Deposit, have Nb values greater than 8 ppm, and are distinguishable from Powder Sill in other areas .  
Felsic to intermediate sedimentary rocks can be divided based on cut-off values on Sc 
versus Th, Nb versus Th and P versus Th plots ( Figure 41). Of note are the high- Th felsic 
granitoid or conglomerate units that typically have Th values of greater than 15 ppm and Nb values less than 5 ppm. A Nb -rich intermediate White Flag IVT unit occurs to the east of the 
Powder Sill gabbro in the southern area of Kundana. R ocks with similar chemistry occur 
further to the north where they have been classified as volcan ogenic sediments of the 
Spargoville Formation by Tripp (2013) and Miller (2018). White Flag IVT can be sub -
divided based on Sc values , with mafic varieties having greater than 15 ppm Sc. The are a 
north of F rogs Leg is dominated by intermediate IVT with 15 -30 ppm Sc, whereas IVT south 
103of Frogs Leg is a mix of both felsic IVT with <15ppm Sc and intermediate IVT with 15 -30 
ppm Sc (Figure 42 and Figure 43). 
 
 
Figure 41 Geochemical plots used here to define rock types from the Kundana camp. The 
chemistry of basalts and mafics are compared to those from the Kalgoorlie Terrane with LB=Lunnon Basalt, DCB=Devon Consols Basalt and PB=Paringa Basalt. Powder Sill Gabbro (PB). Labels such as “P_b650” highlight that the rock type has below 650ppm P.    
104 
Figure 42 Map of the Kundana area showing results of litho geoochemistry as shown in 
Figure 41. The northern half of the map is based largely consistent with the  map of Miller 
(2018) and work from Tripp (2013); although some changes to lithological contacts of 
sediments were made to the east of Pegasus in  line with rec ently acquired geochemis try. The 
southern area is based off the lithogeochemistry and work of Tripp (2013).   
 
105 
Figure 43 Map of the Kundana area . The map is based largely off the lithogeochemistry .   
 
106Zonation patterns at Papa Bear   
 
Sulphur  
 Mineral zones at Kundana have been mapped along the K2 structure and into 
sediments to the east and west of  Pegasus. Armed with new data from m apping mineral 
zonation patterns in sediments  at Zorro and Carbine we are able to explore these data- sets in a 
new light and test the mineral zonation patterns elsewhere. One of the most important mineral 
zonation patterns at Zorro and Carbine are sulphide zones. Inferred deep hot pyrrhotite domains transition into pyrite ±  arsenopyrite into upper parts of the mineral system and relate 
to gold mineralisation. At Papa Bear , mineralisation is associated with pyrrhotite altered 
domains within  sediments  (Figure 44 and Figure 45); however work to date shows that 
pyrrhotite domains are spatially narrow and l imited to mineralised zones at Papa Bear ( Figure 
45 and Figure 46), and as of yet arsenopyrite domains have not been identified (see below) . 
To the west, at Pegasus, there are wide  well-developed pyrrhotite domains that occurs in the 
hangingwall of the K2 lode and footwall of Pode ( Figure 45), demonstrating the  importance 
of identifying the pyrrhotite domains. Pyrite is well developed in upper parts of th e 
hangingwall at Pegasus  (Figure 45) and to the north of Pegasus ( Figure 46), demonstrating 
that, like at Zorro, pyrite is developed  on the peripheral of these mineral syst ems and overlaps 
with mineralised zones . Weak pyrite zones are broad at Papa Bear and there is no obvious 
spatial correlation  with mineralisation based on the current data- set.   
107 
Figure 44 Location of cross-section through Pegasus into the volcaniclastics to the east 
where Papa Bear mineralisation has been identified. 
Pegasus  Papa Bear  
108 
Figure 45 Series of long sections through Pegasus, Pode and Papa Bear showing pyrrhotite, 
pyrite and anhydrite.  
    
109 
Figure 46 Maps of Pegasus, Pode and Papa Bear showing pyrrhotite, pyrite and anhydrite. 
 
 
110A pyrite zone is well developed above the area where a ‘ pathway of interest ’ (Figure 46) and 
to the north of the studi ed cross-section and this could form part of a mineral zoning pattern. 
Anhydrite is rare at  Zorro and Carbine; however there are a number of domains in the 
footwall at Papa Bear that contain  appreciable amounts of anhydrite ( Figure 45 and Figure 
47). One particular area shows an anhydrite zone that overlaps with an anorthite zone, and 
this has been labelled as a ‘ pathway of interest ’ (Figure 48). This ‘pathway of interest’  shares 
many similarities to alteration seen at Zorro, w ith the exception that ‘ pathway of interes t’ 
contains anhydrite as opposed to pyrrhotite, and is ther efore recognised as an oxidised  as 
opposed to a reduced fluid pathway. Anhydrite occurs with Stage 2A biotite -chlorite-
andesine- calcite, which is overprinted by muscovite-andesine-anorthite ( Figure 47) in 
sediments. This relationship  between Stage 2A and Stage 2B is consistent with that seen at 
Zorro. 
The recognition of an oxidised pathway is consistent with other mineral systems. T he 
Victory-Defiance and East Repulse deposit s from the St Ives camp , contain strongly oxidised 
anhydrite -bearing domains in the footwall (Neumayr et al., 2008 and Bath et al., 2013). There 
are anhydrite -biotite assemblages in the footwall and are weakly mineralised; however it is 
the transition into reduced altered  domains where ore-grade mineralisation occurs. In 
particular reduced graphitic shales  at the East Repulse deposit may have helped to drive 
reduction of oxidised fluids and/or provide Fe to help destabilise Au-S sulphide complexes (Evans, 2010). Hence at Papa Bear the recognition of an oxidised domains is important; 
however the key to disco vering ore -grade mineralised zones may be by recognising the 
oxidised fluid pathways as well as the potential lithological and/or fluid horizons that could 
have led to reduction of the oxidised fluids. Graphitic shale and/or Fe-rich rocks along the fluid pathways (such as ‘ pathway of interest ’) would be areas where chemical gradients could 
exist and should be targeted. 
111 
Figure 47 False coloured TIMA mineral map and photo of sediments from the Papa Bear 
area intersected by DDH PBDD1 7108 at a depth of 665.25m. The image shows Stage 2A 
quartz-andesine- biotite-calcite-chlorite-anydrite (light green) alteration. Precursor tabular 
mafic minerals (possibly amphibole) have been replaced by biotite- calcite-chlorite-anhydrite. 
A Stage 2B calc ite-poor quartz -muscovite +/ - anorthite wash overprints Stage 2A alteration. 
Stage 2B alteration tends to whiten the rock as seen in the rock photo. 
112 
 
Similar to Zorro, the ‘ pathway of interest ’ contains albite around margins ( Figure 48 
and Figure 49); however albite is part of an early widespread event at Papa Bear that pre -
dates mineralisation . As at Zorro, it appears that the depletion of earlier formed albite (Stage 
1C) along fluid pathways may be important in identifying the key parts of the mineral system  
 (Figure 14). Alternatively  Stage 2C alteration  at Carbine and Zorro occurs with 
mineralisation and is albite -rich (Figure 9), indicating that albite -rich domains are also 
potential targets. At Papa Bear there are wide areas of albite in sediments, and much of it 
appears to be related to earlier Stage 1 albite alteration of plagioclase grains, similar to Stage 1C alteratio n. As shown in  Figure 51, earlier formed Stage 1C albite is overprinted by Stage 
2A assemblages of biotite- andesine- calcite-quartz. Hence, a lbite depletion zones within wide 
zones of albite- rich rocks  at Papa Bear may be better areas to focus looking for key fluid 
pathways, as the introduction of andesine and/or anorthite tend to occur with Stage 2 alteration assemblages. It is important to point out that s ediments in the hangingwall of  Papa 
Bear are dominated by andesine; however these sediments are relatively  mafic (i.e. Cr- rich), 
and therefore host rock controls also need to be considered. 
Areas showing Au mineralisation  in the sediments at Papa Bear are dominated by 
andesine with anorthite ( Figure 49), which is  consistent with mineralisation at Pegasus . 
However one of the complexities with comparing feldspar zones at Pegasus with those in sediments, is that much of the anorthite occurs in Victorious Basalt, which contain Ca- rich 
plagioclase phenocrysts. This leads to a bias in the data, and from a metasomatic perspective, can lead to an over -interpretation of the extent of metasomatic anorthite in this area. There 
are, however, clear metasomatic anorthite Stage 2A and 2B alteration assemblages in the Victorious Basalt and Stage 2C anorthite -bearing assemblages in the Bent Tree Basalt (Pode 
113mineralisation ; Bath et al., 2017). These stage 2 anorthite- bearing assemblages  at Pegasus 
usually occur with either biotite or muscovite. 
At Zorro and Carbine , there is an antithetical relationship between calcite and 
anorthite ( Figure 23 and Figure 33), considered to be reflective of hotter and/or acidic 
conditions where anorthite (commonly with muscovite) forms. 
 
Figure 48 Series of long sections through Pegasus, Pode and Papa Bear showing anorthite, 
albite, andesine and calcite. 
114 
Figure 49 Downhole profiles for diamond hole PBDD17108 showing the total abundance of 
Ca, K, Na and Au in each sample. Bulk rock Ca, K and Na is calculated from mineralogy, and show a very strong correlation with pXRF analysis obtained from the same sample (with the exception of Na, which is not measured with the pXRF). The mineral data on these plots shows the proportion of Ca, K and Na deported within the major minerals. This gives significant insights into the main host(s) mineral for these important elements. The pink box shows the main areas of anorthite, red boxes show key muscovite domains and blue box shows an albite-poor domain. Note that the albite poor domain labelled aligns with the anorthite zone, which is also calcite- rich. This is consistent with anorthite, biotite and calcite 
alteration coming over the top of albite alteration. ‘Pathway of interest’ occurs within the albite-poor domain where Stage 2A and Stage 2B alteration are evident. 
 
 
 
115 
Figure 50 Maps of Pegasus, Pode and Papa Bear showing anorthite, albite, andesine and 
calcite. Note that calcite -poor samples in the west relate to weathering, as opposed to calcite-
poor domains. This is similar to the Ca-depletion zones mapped at Zorro. 
 
  
116 
Figure 51 False coloured TIMA mineral map and photo of sediments from the Papa Bear 
area intersected by DDH PBDD17108 at a depth of 707.8m. Sample is from an albite-poor domain along ‘pathway of interest’ as seen in Figure 31. The image shows relicts of Stage 1C albite overprinted by Stage 2A quartz-andesine- biotite-calcite. It is inferred that the albite -
poor domain seen on the albite cross-section shown Figure 31 reflects zones of albite -
depletion caused by Stage 2A alteration. 
117Potassic phases  
 A deep biotite- rich calcite-poor zone occurs between approximately 750 meters and 
EOH in diamond hole PBDD17108 ( Figure 49). This occurs in the footwall of ‘ pathway of 
interest’ and with the exception of being pyrrhotite-poor shares numerous similarities  with 
the deep poorly mineralised central zone at Zorr o. The biotite-rich zone is notably poor in Ti-
phases, ilmenite, rutile and titanite  (see below), yet the bulk rock is not notably Ti-poor. We 
infer that much of the Ti in this rock is contained within biotite, which is  consistent with 
zones of high temper ature biotite metasomatism (Henry et al., 2005 ) in the footwall of 
‘pathway of interest ’ with anhydrite ( Figure 45, Figure 47 and Figure 49).  
Stage 2B muscovite alteration overlaps with ‘ pathway of interest ’ and is well 
developed in the hangingwall immediately above this zone ( Figure 52). Muscovite- rich 
domains appear to follow ‘ pathway of interest ’ towards the north ( Figure 53). The presence 
of muscovite- rich but calcite -poor assemblages appears consistent with presence of acidic 
fluids, which is consistent with Stage 2B alteration seen at Zorro and Stage 2A alteration at 
Pegasus (Figure 26). However, the lack of pyrrhotite and arsenides associated with cal cite-
poor acidic assemblages appears to be a major difference between ‘ pathway of interest ’ and 
Zorro, Carbine and Pegasus . The mineralised zone along the Papa B ear trend in PBDD17108 
does contain pyrrhotite within a muscovite and anorthite-bearing domain and therefore has the assemblages s imilar to those  at Zorro, Carbine and Pegasus. In contrast, there is lack of 
arsenide mineralisation at Papa Bear.  
 Relatively high amounts of phengite are present in the central part of Zorro ( Figure 
26). There  phengite occurs in both mineralised and poorly mineralised rocks. Phengi te is well 
developed and forms broad zones in sediments of the studied area at Papa Bear ( Figure 52 
and Figure 53); however there are no clear association with mineralisation. Phengite occurs 
with Stage 2A muscovite in the hangingwall of the K2 lode at Pegasus, but does not form any 
118notable broad zones elsewhere along the K2 trend between Pegasus and Moonbeam ( Figure 
53). 
 
Figure 52 Series of long sections through Pegasus, Pode and Papa Bear showing biotite, 
muscovite and phengite.  
 
 
119 
Figure 53 Maps of Pegasus, Pode and Papa Bear showing biotite, muscovite, phengite and 
arsenopyrite. 
 
120Titanium phases 
 
As discussed  in the M452 project (Bath et al., 2017) key structure at Kundana contain 
rutile +/- ilmenite (i.e. K2 and Falcon); although ilmenite -only lodes have been identified (i.e. 
areas of Pode) . Less common are titanite dominated lodes (parts of Frog’s Leg : Warren et al., 
2017). At Zorro there are notable r utile-ilmenite domains in the upper part of the cross-
section. These rutile- bearing domains correspond well with areas of calcite metasomatism. 
Mineralised zones in deeper parts of the cross-section correspond with complex zones of 
titanite, rutile and ilmenite along lithological boundaries ( Figure 27). The presence of titanite 
with anorthite  in the mineralised zones in the deeper parts of the Zorro and Carb ine system s 
may reflect higher temperatures within deeper parts of the mineral system ( Figure 39).  
Broad ilmenite -rutile domains overlap with mineralisatio n along the Papa Bear 
pathway and ‘ pathway of interest ’ (Figure 55). The AC traverses show rutile and ilmenite-
poor zones along much of ‘ pathways of interest’  (Figure 55) consistent with oxidised aCO 2 
rich domains. Well -developed titanite domains occur in sediments to the west of the Pode and 
K2 zones ( Figure 55), and these commonly occur together with clinozoisite domains. Both 
titanite and clinozoisite are rare in the sediments at Papa Bear ( Figure 55). Titanite with 
clinozoisite is also rare at Zorro, and could possibly to do with higher temperatures (i.e. stabilising andesine/anorthite over clinozoisite). Titanite with clinozoisite in andesine/anothite poor rocks is the dominant assemblage in low temperature gold camps such as Wiluna ( see Bath et al., this volume). 
121 
Figure 54 Series of long sections through Pegasus, Pode and Papa Bear showing titanite, 
ilmenite and rutile.  Note ilmenite values for mafic rocks have been scaled -differently (red 
being 1 vol. % as opposed to 0.2 vol. %) in holes PGCD14023 and PGDD14002 as these rocks are highly enriched in ilmenite. 
 
 
 
122 
Figure 55 Ma ps of Pegasus, Pode and Papa Bear showing titanite, ilmenite, rutile and 
clinozoisite. Note ilmenite values for mafic rocks have been scaled-differently (red being 1 
vol. % as opposed to 0.2 vol. %) as these rocks are relatively enriched in ilmenite and Ti compared to sediments. 
 
 
 
123Summary  
 
Alteration mapping aims to define fluid pathways in order to predict occurrences of 
mineralisation at the broader -scale. To predict requires key data -sets on host-rock 
chemistry/lithology, geological framework (i.e., str ucture and lithological boundaries) and 
quantified bulk rock mineralogy. Mineral predictions also need to be considered in the 
context of paragenesis (textural data), effects of weathering (i.e. loss of mobile elements (e.g., Ca, S, P and Na)), as well as an understanding of how key styles of alteration relate to fluid 
chemistry (i.e. CO
2-rich fluids, aH 2S, temperature etc.).  Here we have document ed results 
from alteration mapping conducted at the Zorro Prospect, Carbine Deposit and Papa Bear prospect west of Kalgoorlie .  Mineral zoning at Carbine and Zorro (located ~35 km NW of 
Kundana) can be defined as  early stage 1A calcic-amphibole – andesine – ilmenite  
assemblages in mostly  mafic volcanics rocks and early stage 1C  albite-quartz ± ilmenite 
alteration in  intermediate and felsic rock types. Ultramafic rocks, which occur in the footwall 
and hangingwall of both Carbine and Zorro, are largely defined by early stage 1 talc and carbonate assemblages.  Gold mineralisation has been identified in all stage 2 alteration assemblages, which includes stage 2A andesine-muscovite- pyrrhotite -K-feldspar +/ - biotite-
ilmenite and stage 2B anorthite-muscovite and significant quartz enrichment along the 
margins where gold mineralisation occurs. Both stages of alteration were generated synchronous with strong steep NW-striking foliation, and are inferred  to occur relatively high 
temperatures  (i.e. 440° to 490°C). Main -stage gold mineralisation occurs with stage 2C 
albite-biotite-calcite ± K -feldspar ± pyrite ± arsenopyrite ± sid erite ± dolomite ±  Ca-
amphibole ± gold , which overprints the strong steep NW- striking foliation.  Stage 2C 
alteration appears to be associated with brittle quartz veining in places. Gold lodes at Carbine and Zorro can be mapped effectively through mapping the distribution of arsenides on lodes 
124and pyrrhotite halos, which is evident within the different stages of alteration. Lodes at 
Carbine associated with the different stages of alteration can be differentiated using plagioclase mineral types, with anothite  distribution linked to stage 2B and albite distribution 
linked to stage 2C alteration. 
At the tenement -scale the distribution of arsenides (and wholerock As) provide clues as to 
the fluid pathways. Many of these arsenide zones are associated with specific changes in the composition of mineral phases such as albite and/or anorthite. Calcite is also associated with these mineralised zones, providing tools to explore the tenement away from areas of known mineralisation.   
The Papa Bear prospect occurs in the Kundana camp approximately 1 kilometer northeast 
of the >1 Moz  Pegasus Deposit. Papa Bear is hosted by intermediate to felsic sedimentary units that consists of conglomerates and sandstones. As evident at Pegasus , the Papa Bear 
contains evidence of an early albitisation event that is overprinted by  Stage 2A  biotite-
andesine-calcite domains and Stage 2B muscovite-andesine- ilmenite ± rutile alteration 
assemblages. Stage 2A is notably oxidised and andesine- biotite-calcite assemblages occur 
with trace of anhydri te-pyrite that has replaced earlier form magnetite. This suggest fluid fO
2 
conditions close to the sulphide-sulphate buffer, which is further supported by δ34S isotope 
studies by Godefroy-Rodriguez et al., (this volume).  Pyrrhotite domains are locally present at Papa Bear and are related to gold mineralisation (Papa Bear fluid pathway) and reflects reduced conditions at the time of mineralisation. The se reduced domains appear along 
lithological boundaries that host the oxidised alteration assemblages further to the north indicating redox switches along these contacts. Thus, tracking the transition of oxidised alteration assemblages and reduced alterati on assemblages appears to be an important tool. 
This transition in oxidised to reduced conditions along contacts and lithological contacts is not limited to Papa Bear. Pegasus is spatially and temporally related to a well-developed 
125pyrrhotite domains that also extends into its hangingwall where significant mineralisation 
occurs along the Pode structure. In contrast, pyrite is well developed in upper parts of the 
hangingwall at Pegasus  and to the north of Pegasus along with anhydrite zones demonstrating 
more oxidised assemblages to the north in areas that appear to be less as well endowned in 
mineralisation; although deeper reduced pyrrhotite domains may also exist in these areas.  
The notion that the best mineralisation is located with the reduced domains is not unique 
for Pegasus and Papa Bear. Best grades of mineralisation at Gruyere, Smokebush and Corkwood from Yamarna Terrane are also centred of pyrrhotite-arsenopyrite domains with peripheral sulfate bearing zones occurring in the hangingwall or footwall of these deposits 
(see Bath et al., this volume).  
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
126References Cited  
 
Bath, A.B., Walshe, J.L., Cloutier, J., Verrall, M., Cleverley, J.S., Pownceby, M.I., MacRae, 
C.M., Wilson, N.C., Tunjic, J., Nortje, G.S., and Robinson, P., 2013, Biotite and 
apatite as tools for tracking pathways of oxidized fluids in the Archean East Repulse 
gold deposit, Australia: Economic Geology, v. 108, p. 667-690. 
Bath, A.B., Miller, J., Walshe, J., Birchall, R., LeValliant, M., Shelton, T. and Verrall, M., 
this report , Mapping the Chemical Architecture and Structural Setting of the Wiluna 
Gold Camp, Industry Report, 75p. 
Cooke, D., Ramsay, T., Miller, J., Bath, A.B., 2017, Kundana goldfields: Australian Ore 
Deposits AusIMM Monograph 32, p. 199-206. 
Evans, K. A., 2010, A test of the viability of fluid ─wall rock interaction mechanisms for 
changes in opaque phase assemblage in metasedimentary rocks in the Kambalda-St. 
Ives goldfield, Western Australia: Mineralium Deposita, v. 45, p. 207-213. 
Henry, D. J., Guidotti, C. V., and  Thomson, J. A., 2005, The Ti-saturation surface for low-
to-medium pressure metapelitic biotites: implications for geothermometry and Ti-
substitution mechanisms: American Mineralogist, v. 90, p. 316-328. 
Miller, J, Schuabs, P., Bath, A. and Walshe, J., 2017, Structural evolution of the Pegasus, 
Rubicon and Hornet mines: constraints from underground mapping. MRIWA 452 
Final Report: Pathways to high grade gold: 3D gradient mapping of mineral systems. 
J. L. Walshe, A. B. Bath and J. M. Miller. 
Neumayr, P., Walshe, J., Hagemann, S., Petersen, K., Roache, A., Frikken, P., Horn, L., and  
Halley, S., 2008, Oxidized and reduced mineral assemblages in greenstone belt rocks 
of the St. Ives gold camp, Western Australia: vectors to high- grade ore bodies in 
Archaean go ld deposits?: Mineralium Deposita, v. 43, p. 363-371. 
Putnis, A., 2009. Mineral Replacement Reactions. Reviews in Mineralogy and Geochemistry, 
70(1): 87-124. 
Tripp, G. I., 2013, Stratigraphy and structure in the Neoarchaean of the K algoorlie district, 
Australia: critical controls on greenstone -hosted gold deposits. PhD, James Cook 
University. 
Walshe, J.L. and Bath, A.B., 2014, White Foil and Frog’s Leg Deposits and Environs: a 
preliminary system analysis, Industry Report, 23p.  
127Walshe, J., Bath, A., Cloutier, J., Hough, R. 2014 High grade gold deposits: processes to 
prediction, report number 304, MERIWA research project M410, Published by 
MRIWA ISBN 1920981659. 
Walshe, J.L., Bath, A. B., Miller, J., Schaubs, P., Birchall, R., Godefroy-Rodriguez, M., 
Warren, J ., Manners, C., 2017, Pathways to high grade gold -3D gradient mapping of 
mineral systems MRIWA Project No. M452, 201p. 
Warren,, J.D, Bath, A. B., Thébaud, N, Kirkland, C.L., Walshe, J.L. Submitted, Are porosity 
forming reactions an important ingredient in  orogenic gold deposits? An insight from 
the Mick Adam gold deposit, Yilgarn Craton, Western Australia. Precambrian 
Research.  
Warren, J. D., J. L. Walshe, A. B. Bath and R. Birchall (2017). Mineral Mapping in the 
Frog’s Leg -White Foil domain and camp- scale patterns, Kundana Au Camp. 
MRIWA 452 Final Report: Pathways to high grade gold: 3D gradient mapping of mineral systems. J. L. Walshe, A. B. Bath and J. M. Miller. 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
128List of Figures  
 
Figure 1 a. Map showing the location of the Zorro prospect and Carbine -Paradigm area relative to 
the Kundana Au camp (sourced from Tripp 2013).  ................................................................................ 7  
Figure 2 Whole rock As values across the Kundana Gold Camp and towards Carbine.  ......................... 9  
Figure 3 Rock classification scheme for Phantom -Carbine -Zorro area based on lithogeochemistry. 
Multielement data provided by Northern Star Resources.  .................................................................. 10 
Figure 4 Geological map for the Phantom -Carbine -Zorro area based on lithogeochemistry, core 
logging and magnetics.  ......................................................................................................................... 11 
Figure 5 Poles to bedding ( orange) and poles to cleavage (blue) measurements from data collected 
from diamond hole ZODD17013. Blue line represents the orientation of the foliation. Based on 
limited bedding measurements (12) the fold axis appears to dip moderately towards the southea st 
(orange dot).  ......................................................................................................................................... 12 
Figure 6 Cross -section of the geology at Zorro showing rock types determined using multi- element 
geochemistry and bedding (yellow discs; a) and foliation (purple discs; b). Go ld mineralisation occurs 
close to or along boundaries between the different rock types (c). A weathered profile was developed based on Ca -depletion (d).  .................................................................................................. 13 
Figure 7 Interpolated elemental values generated from downhole profiles. Mobile elements Na, K, P and S are considered to understand the effects of weathering on mineralogy. Na is largely controlled by albite, K by mica, P by apatite and S by sulphides. Weathering appears to have had an effect on Na, P and S depletion. Potassium mobility appears less effected by weathering, and appears that 
rock type plays the biggest role in distribution of K.  ............................................................................ 16 
Figure 8 Interpolated elemental values  generated from downhole profiles for Au and As for the Zorro 
prospect.  ............................................................................................................................................... 17 
Figure 9 SEM mineral mapping showing gold in sediments with stage 2C alteration assemblages of albite -biotite -calcite -siderite -pyrite -arsenopyrite alteration, which overprints tightly folded Stage 2A 
pyrite -chlorite veins and foliated andesine in ZORC17012 (161m depth).  .......................................... 19 
Figure 10 SEM mineral mapping showing gold with assemblages of chlorite -calcite -dolomite -biotite 
in altered komatiite. Chlorite -calcite -dolomite -biotite -gersdorffite overprints a strong fabric 
containing Ca- feldspar (possibly Stage 2A see below), which may reflect a manifestation of Stage 2C 
alteration in komatiite ZORC17011 (depth 151m).  .............................................................................. 20 
Figure 11 Photographs and false coloured TIMA mineral maps for rocks from the Black Flag Deposit 
to the west of the White Foil deposit in the South Kundana area in the Coolgardie Domain showing key cross -cutting relationships in the Talbot Formation. These images define an alteration 
paragenesis. Images a-b show evidence of an early Stage 1A andesine -biotite- microcline -muscovite 
assemblage, which in ‘c’ is overprinted by Stage 1C albite -chlorite -calcite -microcline -muscovite -
ilmenite -titanite -pyrrhotite. Images e -f show Stage 2B andesine -actinolite -hornblende -biotite -pyrite 
+/- calcite alteration that overprints Stage 1C. Image g shows thin (<1mm) Stage  2D veins of 
microcline -calcite -titanite with albite selvages, which have cross -cut Stage 2B andesine -actinolite -
hornblende -biotite- pyrite +/ - calcite alteration.  .................................................................................. 22 
Figure 12 Integrated structur al and alteration paragenetic framework for the Kundana area.  .......... 23 
Figure 13 a. Paragenetic diagram for the Kundana area from work carried out around the Pegasus 
Deposit. B. Paragenetic diagram for the Zorro prospect.  ..................................................................... 25 
Figure 14 False coloured TIMA mineral map and photo of Talbot Formation (defined here as 
phosphorous -rich intermediate to felsic sediment) that shows strong Stage 1C albite alteration 
overprinted by Stage 2A andesine -biotite -calcic -amphibole alteration.  .............................................. 27 
129Figure
 15 False coloured TIMA mineral map and photo of Talbot Formation (defined here as 
phosphorous - and tho rium -poor intermediate to felsic sediment) that shows relics of Stage 1C albite 
alteration overprinted by strongly foliated (white arrow) Stage 2A andesine -biotite- calcic -amphibole 
alteration. Stage 2A alteration and foliation is cross -cut (discordantly) b y quartz- chlorite veins 
(yellow arrow).  ...................................................................................................................................... 28 
Figure 16 False coloured TIMA mineral map and photo of Talbot Formation (defined here as 
phosphorous - and thorium -poor intermediate to felsic sediment) that shows a strong sub -vertically 
dipping NW -striking fabric defined by the alignment of Stage 2A andesine -biotite -calcite -pyrrhotite -
ilmenite. Thin veins of Stage 2B anorthite -muscovite, which cross -cut Stage 2A alteration, are also 
parallel to the dominant farbric, indicating that the fabric developed during both Stage 2A and 2B alteration. .............................................................................................................................................. 29 
Figure 17 False coloured TIMA mineral map of RC chip sample from the Talbot Formation (defined here as  phosphorous - and thorium -poor intermediate to felsic sediment) showing complex 
paragenetic relationships. Stage 2A andesine -biotite -chlorite -pyrrhotite is overprinted by Stage 2B 
muscovite -anorthite with biotite overgrowths on top of Stage 2B muscovite. S tage 2B alteration 
assemblages are cross -cut by Stage 2D K -feldspar -chlorite veins. In this sample Stage 2B alteration 
appears to overprint a foliation evident in with Stage 2A alteration.  .................................................. 30 
Figure 18 False coloured TIMA mineral map of RC chip sample from the Talbot Formation (defined here as phosphorous -poor intermediate to felsic sediment) showing Stage 2A andesine -biotite -K-
feldspar alteration overprinted by Stage 2C albite -calcite -K-feldspar alteration.  ................................ 31 
Figure 19 False coloured TIMA mineral map of RC chip sample from the Talbot Formation (defined here as phosphorous - and thorium -poor intermediate to felsic sediment) showing strong  well-
developed Stage 2B anorthite- muscovite -biotite -pyrrhotite alteration cross -cut by Stage 2C albite 
vein.  ....................................................................................................................................................... 32 
Figure 20 False coloured TIMA mineral map of RC chip sample from the Talbot Format ion (defined 
here as phosphorous - and thorium -poor intermediate to felsic sediment) showing Stage 2D chlorite -
K-feldspar- quartz veins that cross -cut Stage 2B muscovite- anorthite -biotite alteration.  ................... 33 
Figure 21 Cross -sections of the geology at Zorro showing rock types, interpolated elemental and 
mineral values generated from downhole profiles and key sulphide mineral zonation patterns. Note the occurrence of a pyrrhotite -rich (> 0.5 vol. %) domain  that occurs deep and central and is 
surrounded by gold mineralised zones, which predominantly occur along lithological boundaries.  .. 35 
Figure 22 Downhole profiles for diamond hole ZODD17013 showing the total abundance of S, Na, Ca, Cr and Au in each sample. S, Na and Ca values are calculated from minerals using the TIMA data, and show a very strong correlation with pXRF analysis obtained from the same sample (with the exception of Na, which is not  measured with the pXRF). The mineral data on these plots shows the 
proportion of S, Ca or Na deported within the major minerals. This gives significant insights into the main host(s) mineral for these important elements.  ........................................................................... 38 
Figure 23 Cross -sections of the geology at Zorro showing rock types, interpolated mineral values 
generated from downhole profiles.  ...................................................................................................... 40 
Figure 24 Downhole profiles for diamond hole ZODD17013 showing the total abundance of Si 
relative to Cr (rock type classification) and Au mineralisation. Bulk rock Si is calculated from mineralogy. The bar graph shows the abundance of Si in bulk rock as well the proportion of Si deporte d in key phases. The red box on the bar graph shows mafic rocks with significant amounts of 
quartz (black bar) compared to mafic rock at shallower downhole depths. As noted in the figure the 
addition of quartz into the host rock does not correspond with an  increase in bulk rock Si. There are 
also quartz -poor zones in felsic to intermediate sediments at a depth 515 to 554m and these appear 
consistent with quartz depletion at the time Stage 1C albite alteration.  ............................................ 41 
130Figure
 25 Cross -sections of the geology at Zorro showing rock types, interpolated mineral values 
generated from downhole profiles.  ...................................................................................................... 43 
Figure 26 Cross -sections of the geology at Z orro showing rock types, interpolated mineral values 
generated from downhole profiles for muscovite, phengite and biotite. Cartoon section summarising 
the key potassic alteration zonation patterns.  ..................................................................................... 44 
Figure 27 Cross -sections of the geology at Zorro showing rock types, interpolated mineral values 
generated from downhole profiles and key titanium phase zonation patterns.  ................................. 46 
Figure 28 Cros s-sections of the geology at Zorro showing rock types, As values, interpolated mineral 
values generated from downhole profiles and key arsenide zonation patterns.  ................................. 47 
Figure 29 Illustration showing the occurrence of minerals from a mineral zonation perspective within the Talbot Formation sediments at Zorro. Inferences have been made in regards to relative system 
temperature and reference to gold mineralisation (noted with ‘$’). The illustration als o shows 
minerals zoning patterns that have survived into the weathered profile.  ........................................... 48 
Figure 30 Geological map and cross -section of the Carbine Deposit. Rock types are based on 
lithogeochemistry.  ................................................................................................................................ 50 
Figure 31 Downhole profile for DDH CBDD18245 from Carbine showing rock types, TIMA mineral 
modal abundances and gold grade. Location of DDH CBDD18245 can be viewed in Figure 30. Rock photo and T IMA mineral map of sample CBDD18245 at 187.2m depth showing stage 2A quartz -
andesine -muscovite -K-feldspar- biotite -gold alteration. Figure 32 shows gold in quartz veins from the 
insert labelled ‘Next Figure’.  ................................................................................................................. 52 
Figure 32 TIMA mineral map of sample CBDD18245 at 187.2m depth showing stage 2A quartz -
andesine -muscovite -biotite -gold alteration. Gold occurs in quartz bands that define the foliation in 
the rock.  ................................................................................................................................................ 53 
Figure 33 Downhole profile for DDH CBDD18245 from Carbine showing rock types, TIMA mineral modal abundances and gold grades. Location of DDH CBDD18245 can be viewed from Figure 30. Rock photo of sample CBDD18245 at 287.5m depth showin g location of TIMA scan. False coloured 
TIMA mineral map showing stage 2B anorthite -chlorite -titanite -pyrrhotite (red) with biotite and 
muscovite. Chlorite bands are folded.  .................................................................................................. 54 
Figure 34 Downhole  profile for DDH CBDD18245 from Carbine showing rock types, TIMA mineral 
modal abundances and gold grades. Location of DDH CBDD18245 can be viewed from Figure 30. Rock photo of sample CBDD18245 at 371.4 m depth showing location of TIMA scan. False coloured  
TIMA mineral map showing stage 2C albite -arsenopyrite -biotite -calcite -siderite -amphibole. Stage 2C 
pyrite shows dissolution texture with pyrite replaced by siderite.  ...................................................... 55 
Figure 35 BSE image of sa mple CBDD18245 at 371.4 m depth showing stage 2C gold inclusions in 
stage 2C arsenopyrite from Carbine. See ‘Next Slide’ insert in Figure 34.  ........................................... 56 
Figure 36 Cross -section through the Carbine deposit showing the location of the Carbine Thrust and 
modal abundances of total arsenides (arsenopyrite+gersdorffite+cobaltite) and pyrrhotite from TIMA mineral mapping. Arrows point to notable high- grade intercepts in DDH CBDD18245. Note that 
arsenides are enriched along mineralised intercepts whereas pyrrhotite forms a halo around 
mineralised zones. Location of cross -section is shown on Figure 30.  .................................................. 58 
Figure 37 Cross -section through the Carbine deposit showing the location of the Carbine Thrust and 
modal abundances of anorthite and albite from TIMA mineral mapping. Arrows point to notable 
high -grade intercepts in DDH CBDD18245. Note that stage 2B anorthite enriched along one of the 
hangingwall lode zones. Stage 2C albite is enriched along other lode zones including the Carbine 
Thrust. Location of cross -section is shown on Figure 30.  ..................................................................... 59 
Figure 38 Geological map of the Phantom -Carbine -Zorro area with modal abundances of calcite 
determined from TIMA mineral mapping. Note that the Phantom, Carbine and Zorro all occur along 
the Carbine Thrust these zones are enriched in calcite. Rocks away from these zones are generally 
131calcite -p
oor. Cross -section through the Carbine deposit showing the location of the Carbine Thrust 
and modal abundances of calcite from TIMA mineral mapping. Arrows point to notable high -grade 
intercepts in DDH CBDD18245. Lode zones are enriched in calcite. Location of cross -section i s shown 
on Figure 30.  ......................................................................................................................................... 60 
Figure 39 Thermodynamic model to estimate possible T and XCO2 conditions for select mineral 
phases in the presence of excess quartz, calcite and pyrrhotite. Stage 2B alteration from Carbine contains assemblages of anorthite -titanite -chlorite -biotite -pyrrhotite +/ - calcite at the time of 
mineralisation. Assuming the system is close to quartz saturation then ‘blue’ ellipsoid highlights possible T and XCO
2 conditions at the t ime of mineralisation and Stage 2B alteration. Temperature 
range of 460 to 490 °C and XCO 2 conditions of 0.4 to 0.7 (although assumes a quartz saturation). 
Green represents inferred range for Stage 2A alteration based off mineral assemblages andesine -
muscov ite-K-feldspar +/ - biotite -calcite.Modified from Walshe et al. (this volume).  .......................... 63 
Figure 40 Geological map of the Phantom -Carbine -Zorro area with modal abundances of 
gersfdorffite and anorthite de termined from TIMA mineral mapping. Note that the Phantom, 
Carbine and Zorro all occur along the Carbine Thrust these zones are enriched in these minerals. 
Rocks away from these zones are generally poor in these minerals although some interesting 
gersdorffite and anorthite zones do exist, and may indicate leaky pathways for hot fluids related to mineralisation at Carbine.  ..................................................................................................................... 65 
Figure 42 Location of cross -section through Pegasus into the volcaniclast ics to the east where Papa 
Bear mineralisation has been identified.  .............................................................................................. 72 
Figure 43 Series of long sections through Pegasus, Pode and Papa Bear showing pyrrhotite, pyrite 
and anhydrite.  ....................................................................................................................................... 73 
Figure 44 Maps of Pegasus, Pode and Papa Bear showing pyrrhotite, pyrite and anhydrite.  ............. 74 
Figure 45 False coloured TIMA mineral map and photo of sediments from the Papa Bear area 
intersected by DDH PBDD17108 at a depth of 665.25m. The image shows Stage 2A quartz -andesine -
biotite -calcite -chlorite -anydrite (light green) alteration. Precursor tabular mafic minerals (possibly 
amphibole) have been replaced by biotite -calcite -chlorite -anhydrite. A Stage 2B calcite -poor quartz-
muscovite +/ - anorthite wash overprints Stage 2A alteration. Stage 2B alteration tends to whiten the 
rock as seen in the rock photo.  ............................................................................................................. 76 
Figure 46 Series of long sections through Pegasus, Pode and Papa Bear showing anorthite, albite, andesine and calcite.  ............................................................................................................................ 78 
Figure 47 Downhole profiles for diamond hole PBDD17108 showing the total abundance of Ca, K, Na and Au in each sample. Bulk rock Ca, K and Na is calculated from mineralogy, and show a very strong correlation with pXRF analysis obtained from the same sample (with the exception of Na, which is not measured with the pXRF). The mineral data on these plots shows the proportion of Ca, K and Na 
deported within the major minerals. This gives significant insights into the main host(s) mineral for these important elements. The pink box shows the main areas of anorthite, red boxes show key muscovite domains and blue box shows an albite -poor domain. Note that the albite poor domain 
labelled aligns with the anorthite zone, which is also calcite -rich. This is consistent with anorthite, 
biotite and calcite alteration coming ov er the top of albite alteration. ‘Pathway of interest’ occurs 
within the albite -poor domain where Stage 2A and Stage 2B alteration are evident.  ........................ 79 
Figure 48 Maps of Pegasus, Pode and Papa Bear showing anorthite, albite, andesine and calcite. Note that calcite- poor samples in the west relate to weathering, as opposed to calcite-poor domains. 
This is similar to the Ca- depletion zones mapped at Zorro.  ................................................................. 80 
Figure 49 False coloured TIMA mineral map and photo of sediments from the Papa Bear area intersected by DDH PBDD17108 at a depth of 707.8m. Sample is from an albite -poor domain along 
‘pathway of interest’ as seen in Figure 31. The image shows relicts of Stage 1C albite overprinted by 
132Stage
 2A quartz- andesine -biotite -calcite. It is inferred that the albite -poor domain seen on the albite 
cross -section shown Figure 31 reflects zones of albite -depletion caused by Stage 2A alteration.  ...... 81 
Figure 50 Series of long sections through Pegasus, Pode and Papa Bear showing biotite, muscovite 
and phengite.  ........................................................................................................................................ 83 
Figure 51 Maps of Pegasus, Po de and Papa Bear showing biotite, muscovite, phengite and 
arsenopyrite.  ......................................................................................................................................... 84 
Figure 52 Series of long sections through Pegasus, Pode and Papa Bear showing titanite, ilmenite and rutile. Note ilmenite values for mafic rocks have been scaled -differently (red being 1 vol. % as 
opposed to 0.2 vol. %) in holes PGCD14023 and PGDD14002 as these rocks are highly enriched in 
ilmenite. ................................................................................................................................................ 86 
Figure 53 Maps of Pegasus, Pode and Papa Bear showing titanite, ilmenite, rutile and clinozoisite. 
Note ilmenite values for mafic rocks have been scaled -differently (red being 1 vol. % as opposed to 
0.2 vol. %) as these rocks are relatively enriched in ilm enite and Ti compared to sediments.  ............ 87 
 
 
133 
 
Mineral Mapping of the 
Kundana Au System and the 
Frog ’s Leg deposit and Environs  
 
 
John L. Walshe, Renee Birchall, Tina Shelton and Adam B. Bath  
 
 
  
Australia’s National  
Science Agency  
134Mineral Resources  
Citation  
Walshe  J.L., Birchall R., Shelton T. D. and Bath  A.B. (2019). Mineral Mapping of the Kundana Au 
System and the Frog’s Leg deposit and Environs , MRIWA 494 Final Report.  
Copyright  
© Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation 20 19. To the extent permitted 
by law, all rights are reserved and no part of this publication covered by copyright may be 
reproduced or copied in any form or by any means except with the written permission of CSIRO.  
Important disclaimer  
CSIRO advises that the information contained in this publication comprises general statements 
based on scientific research. The reader is advised and needs to be aware that such information 
may be incomplete or unable to be used in any  specific situation. No reliance or actions must 
therefore be made on that information without seeking prior expert professional, scientific and 
technical advice. To the extent permitted by law, CSIRO (including its employees and consultants) 
excludes all liability to any person for any consequences, including but not limited to all losses, 
damages, costs, expenses and any other compensation, arising directly or indirectly from using this 
publication (in part or in whole) and any information or material con tained in it.  
CSIRO i s committed to providing web accessible content wherever possible. If you are having 
difficulties with accessing this document please contact  csiroenquiries@csir o.au . 
1351 
 Mineral Mapping of the Kundana Au system and the 
Frog’s Leg deposit and environs        
John L. Walshe, Renee Birchall, Ti na Shelton and Adam B. Bath 
 
Executive Summary 
 
This report summarizes the mineral zoning of the Kundana Camp b ased on SEM mapping. The 
mapping has shown significant zon ing in Na‐Ca‐feldspars, K‐mine rals (muscovite, biotite, microcline), 
Fe‐Mg‐silicates (amphibo les and chlorite), Ti minerals (rutile,  ilmenite, titanite), Fe‐sulphides and 
oxides (pyrite, pyrrhotite, hematite_magnetite), Co‐Ni‐Fe‐arsen ides and sulphides (arsenopyrite, 
gersdorffite, colbaltite and sie genite), phosphate minerals (apatite, monazite and xenotime) and 
sulfate minerals (barite and anhy drite). Prospective domains are identified by calcic feldspar 
(andesine ± anorthite versus back ground albite), biotite, proxi mal pyrrhotite versus pyrite, ilmenite ± 
titanate versus background rutil e, proximal xenotime and apatit e versus monazite and distal 
zones/haloes of sulfate and Co‐N i‐Fe‐arsenides and sulphides. T here is a general progression from 
background albite to andesine to anorthite towards mineralizati on, bearing in mind later 
generations of albite are associated with mineralization. These  patterns allow the possibility of more 
effective exploration of the Kundana and other camps.  The broad patterns could probably be 
captured in a 1*1 km o r 1*0.5 air core progr am with selective infill of areas of interest. 
Biotite is well developed proxim al to the Frog’s Leg deposit (within ~ 1 km) with an increase in 
abundance of calcic‐feldspar and amphibole (hornblende and Mg‐a ctinolite) relative to albite and 
chlorite, pyrrhotite relative to  pyrite and xenotime and apatit e relative to monazite. There is a 
discrete zone of Mg‐actinolite in the immediate footwall of the  deposit.  
Magnetite forms a discontinuous h alo around the Frog’s Leg depo sit. It is best developed on the 
eastern side of the deposit but  also occurs on the southern fla nks and in the northern hangingwall of 
the deposit. Trace barite shows a greater spatial distribution  but is also best developed east of Frog’s 
Leg.  In combination, magnetite and barite define an apparently  asymmetric halo of oxidation that 
existed around the reduced pyrrh otite‐rich core  of the Frog’s Leg system.    
A location east of the Frog’s Leg deposit (~6,595,000N and   338500E) in the Kurrawang sediments has mineral assemblage similar to that found proximal to Frog’s  Leg (biotite, andesine, ilmenite ± 
cobaltite ± gersdorffite ± siege nite), indicating a proximal setting further east Kurrawang sediments.  
 
1362 
   
 
 
Contents  
Executive Summary ............................................. ............................................................... ..................... 1 
List of Figures ............................................... ............................................................... ............................ 3 
Introduction .................................................. ............................................................... ........................... 4 
SEM Mineral Mapping ........................................... ............................................................... .................. 6 
Na‐Ca‐feldspar d istribution: .................................. ............................................................... ........... 6 
Amphibole and chlorite distribution: .......................... ............................................................... ..... 6 
K‐minerals (muscovite, biotite, microcline) distribution: ..... .......................................................... 6 
Pyrite‐pyrrhotite distribution: ............................... ............................................................... .......... 6 
P‐T zoning of the  Kundana Camp: ............................... ............................................................... ..... 6 
Details of the mineral distribution on the Evolution leases and  proximal to the Frog’s Leg deposit ..... 9 
Redox zoning around the  Frog’s Leg deposit .................... ............................................................... ..... 23 
SEM petrography on  EIS DDH MEDD144 ............................ ............................................................... ... 24 
References ................................................................................................................... ......................... 26 
  
 
 
1373 
 List of Figures 
 
Figure 1: Extent of mineral mapping in the Kundana Camp ....... ............................................................ 4 
Figure 2: Distribution of SEM samples overlain on the regional  metamorphic map from Mikucki and 
Roberts (2004) ................................................ ............................................................... ......................... 4 
Figure 3: Classification scheme for Na‐Ca feldspars ........... ............................................................... ..... 5 
Figure 4: Classification scheme and camp‐scale zoning of Na‐Ca feldspars ........................................... 5 
Figure 5: Classification scheme and camp‐scale zoning of amphib ole and chlorite ............................... 7 
Figure 6: Classification scheme and camp‐scale zoning of K‐mine rals (muscovite, biotite, microcline) 7 
Figure 7: Classification scheme an d camp‐scale zoning of Fe‐oxi des and sulfides ................................. 8 
Figure 8: Interpretative PT regime of the Kundana Camp ........ ..............................................................  8 
Figure 9: Location of SEM samples for M452&M494, Frog’s Leg dep osit and environs ...................... 10 
Figure 10: Evolution study (M452&M494): Na‐Ca feldspars (anorth ite – andesine – albite) – all data
 ............................................................................................................................. ................................. 11 
Figure 11: Evolution study (M452& M494): Panels illustrating zon ing in calcic feldspars .................... 12 
Figure 12: Evolution study (M452& M494): Fe‐Mg hydrous silicates  (chlorite – hornblende – Mg‐
actinolite) ................................................... ............................................................... ............................ 13 
Figure 13: Evolution study (M452& M494): K‐ silicates (biotite ‐ K‐feldspar – muscovite) ................... 14 
Figure 14: Evolution study (M452& M494): Ti‐minerals (Titanite ‐  ilmenite – rutile) ........................... 15 
Figure 15: Evolution study (M452&M494): Calc‐feldspars & Dravit e‐schorl > 1% ............................... 16 
Figure 16: Camp‐scale distribution of allanite (iogas variable  map) .................................................... 17 
Figure 17: Camp‐scale relative distribution of pyrrhotite and p yrite ................................................... 17 
Figure 18: Relative distribution of pyrrhotite, pyrite and bari te, Frog’s Leg and environs .................. 18 
Figure 19: Distribution of gersdorffite in Frog’s Leg and envir ons (iogas varia ble map) ...................... 19 
Figure 20: Distribution of arsenopyrite in Frog’s Leg and envir ons (iogas variable map) .................... 19 
Figure 21: Distribution of siegeni te in Frog’s Leg and environs  (iogas variable map) .......................... 20 
Figure 22: Distribution of cobalt ite in Frog’s Leg and environs  (iogas variable map) .......................... 20 
Figure 23: Distribution of gruneri te‐cummingtonite in Frog’s Le g and environs (iogas variable map) 21 
Figure 24:  Distribution of xenot ime, monazite, apatite (relati ve abundance) .................................... 22 
Figure 25: Frog’s Leg DDHs with secondary magnetite shown with respect to magneti c map (RTP). . 23 
Figure 26: Mineral time‐space plot for andesitic volcaniclastic s in MEDD144 ..................................... 24 
   
1384 
 Introduction 
The systematic SEM mapping of minerals and mineral paragenesis in the Kundana Camp was 
initiated as part of M452 and pr ogressed with M494.  To date mo re than 5000 analyses of chips and 
diamond drill core analyses have been acquired across the North ern Star Resources and Evolution 
Mining leases.  The extent of the mapping is shown in Figure 1.  Sufficient data is now available to 
allow some appreciation of the size of the Kundana Au system, t he nature of major and minor 
mineral zoning within the system  and the relationship of Au sys tem to background processes, 
particularly pre‐existing metamorphic processes/conditions.  Th e scale of the sampling with respect 
to the regional metamo rphic map (Mikucki a nd Roberts 2004) is s hown in Figure 2. 
       
 
Figure 1: Extent of mineral mapping in the Kundana Camp 
 
Figure 2: Distribution of SEM samples overlain on the regional metamorphic map from Mikucki and Roberts (2004) 
1395 
  
Figure 3: Classification sc heme for Na‐Ca feldspars 
 
Figure 4: Classification scheme  and camp‐scale zoning of Na‐Ca  feldspars 
 
1406 
 SEM Mineral Mapping 
The SEM mapping has shown signifi cant zoning in Na‐Ca‐feldspars, K‐minerals (muscovite, biotite, 
microcline), Fe‐Mg‐silicates (amp hiboles and chlorite), Ti mine rals (rutile, ilmenite, titanite) and Fe‐
sulphides (pyrite, pyrrhotite).  
Na‐Ca‐feldspar distribution:  
The classification scheme used f or the Na‐Ca‐feldspars is given  in Figure 3.  The SEM classifies the 
compositional range of plagioclas e (Na – Ca) feldspar into 4 gr oups: anorthite, ande sine, oligoclase 
and albite. The proportion of each group is given as volume % b y the TIMA software. The relative 
proportions are depicted on an ioGAS ternary plot, either as pr oportion of anorth ite, andesine and 
albite (Figure 3) or anorthite, andesine, albite + oligoclase.   The relative proportion plot effectively 
levels the data for rock type.  Figure 3 and Figure 4 highlight  the camp scale zoning of the Na‐Ca‐
feldspar showing that at this sca le albite is distal to mineralization and anorthite is proximal. The 
textural constraints on the distal albite show that paragenetic ally it is relatively early and 
overprinted by andesine.  Later g enerations of albite occur pro ximal to mineralization making the 4D 
evolution of feldspar compositio ns more complex than suggested  by the simple spatial zoning 
scheme in Figure 4. There are significant implications in the c amp‐scale zoning of the Na‐Ca feldspar 
for navigating systems to find the Au. 
Amphibole and chlorite distribution: 
Figure 5 shows the camp‐scale zoning of amphibole and chlorite.  As with the Na‐Ca‐feldspar scheme, 
the classification scheme for amphibole and chlorite is relativ e and effectively levels the data for 
rock type. At this scale amphibo le is relatively most abundant in the western and southwestern 
areas of the camp. Chlorite by co ntrast is focused in the north ‐eastern domain of the camp and is 
spatially associated with the known gold deposits. There are no  obvious correlations with lithology 
but the relative abundance of amphibole in the western and sout hwestern areas of the camp could 
reflect an overall increase in metamorphic grade from mid‐ to u pper greenschist to lower to mid‐
amphibolite (Figure 2).        
K‐minerals (muscovite, biotite, microcline) distribution: 
Figure 6 shows the camp‐scale zoning of K‐minerals (muscovite,  biotite and microcline) and the 
classification scheme of relativ e proportions. Broadly the patt ern of biotite alterat ion follows that of 
the calcic feldspars (andesine,  anorthite). Microcline tends to be relatively more abundant in the 
western and southwestern areas o f the camp and this may also re flect the regional metamorphic 
gradient. A zone of muscovite alteration particularly well developed east of the Fr og’s Leg deposit 
appears to correlate with the Lo wer Binduli Sequence (Lower Bla ck Flag Formation; Tripp (2013)).    
Pyrite‐pyrrhotite distribution: 
There is a distinctive camp‐scal e zoning of pyrite and pyrrhoti te (Figure 7). The southern‐central part 
of the camp, south of Frog’s Leg is dominated by pyrrhotite. No rth of Frog’s Leg in the most 
productive part of the camp the pyrhotite domain is more focused with flanking pyrite.  
P‐T zoning of the Kundana Camp: 
A preliminary interpretation of the PT regime of the Kundana Ca mp is given in Figure 8.  A notable 
feature of the camp is the scarc ity of clinozoisite south of ~  the Frog’s Leg deposit. This implies a 
lower T(P?) ± log fCO 2 regime in the northern and most productive part of the camp.   This together 
with the distribution of pyrite  and pyrrhotite implies the sout hern part of the camp was the hottest 
± most reduced.  It is suggested this camp scale zoning is supe rimposed on/integrated with a 
regional metamorphic T (P) gradient that increases to the west/ southwest.  
1417 
  
 
Figure 5: Classification scheme  and camp‐scale zoning of amphib ole and chlorite 
 
 
Figure 6: Classification scheme  and camp‐scale zoning of K‐mine rals (muscovite, biotite, microcline)   
1428 
  
Figure 7: Classification scheme and camp‐scale zoning of Fe‐oxi des and sulfides   
 
 
Figure 8: Interpretative PT regime of the Kundana Camp 
1439 
 Details of the mineral distribut ion on the Evolution leases and  
proximal to the Frog’s Leg deposit 
 
Details of the mineral distribution on the Evolution leases and  proximal to the Frog’s Leg deposit are 
summarized in Figure 10 through Figure 24.   Locations of SEM s amples for Frog’s Leg deposit and 
environs relative to the geology  are shown in Figure 9. Locatio ns of samples from the southern 
Evolution leases shown in Figure 1.      
Sodic‐calcic feldspar zoning:  Figure 10 and Figure 11 illustrate the abundance of calcic‐feld spar (>50 
anorthite) proximal to the Frog’ s Leg deposit. Anorthite is wel l developed in the mafic rocks in the 
hangingwall of the deposit but not limited to these units.  The  pattern of increasing calcic feldspar 
from distal (background?) albite through andesine to proximal a northite is taken to reflect increasing 
temperature.  Anorthite occurrences trace south of Frog’s Leg.   
An assemblage of albite ± muscovite ± rutile to the east of the  Frog’s Leg deposit is well developed in 
the porphyry/Th‐rich sediment.     
Zoning of Fe‐Mg hydrous silicates (chlorite – hornblende – Mg‐a ctinolite):  Hornblende and Mg‐
actinolite are well developed prox imal to the Frog’s Leg deposi t relative to chlorite (Figure 12 ). 
Hornblende is well developed in the hangingwall, particularly i n the mafic rocks. T here is a discrete 
zone of Mg‐actinolite in the immediate footwall of the deposit  with limited development further 
east.   
Zoning of K‐ silicates (biotite  ‐ K‐feldspar – muscovite):  Biotite is well developed proximal to Frog’s 
Leg deposit (Figure 13).  It al so abundant east of the deposit  in Kurrawang sediments and traces the 
system south.  Zoning of Ti‐minerals:   Ilmenite ± titanite are well developed proximal to the Frog’s  Leg deposit 
relative to rutile (Figure 14).   The shift from “background”   rutile to ilmenite ± titanite is consistent 
with higher temperatures proxima l to the deposit. Ilmenite trac es south and along with the calcic 
feldspar and Mg‐actinolite maps the system south of Frog’s Leg.  Ilmenite also east of the deposit in 
Kurrawang sediments and along with biotite and andesine in this  locality suggests the system may 
be mapped into the Kurrawang sediments.   Tourmaline  (Dravite‐schorl) is associated w ith calcic feldspar (Figure 15 ) and its distribution can aid 
definition of proximal environments. Pyrrhotite  occurs within and proximal to the Frog’s Leg deposit, c.f. the  broader distribution of pyrite 
(Figure 17) Trace barite  (> ~0.001 vol%) occurs distal to  the Frog’s Leg deposit, more  or less outboard of the 
biotite, amphibole proximal alteration. Samples with relatively abundant barite c.f. pyrite and 
pyrrhotite (strong blue dots; Figure 18) define the extent of a n oxidized halo around the Frog’s leg 
deposit. The oxidized halo is be st defined east of Frog’s Leg w hich may reflect an asymmetry in the 
underlying redox gradient.  
Gersdorffite, arsenopyrite, siegenite and/or cobaltite  occur within or close to the Frog’s Leg deposit 
(Figure 19 to Figure 22). Minor o ccurrences elsewhere can be in dicators of proximal environments; 
e.g. the presence of cobaltite ±  gersdorffite ± siegenite east  of Frog’s Leg (~location 6,595,000N and   
14410 
 338500E).  Together with biotite, a ndesine and ilmenite in this  locality these minor phases are 
indicating a proximal setting further east in the Kurrawang sed iments.   
Grunerite‐cummingtonite  is proximal to the Frog’s Leg d eposit (Figure 23). Minor occur rences 
outboard could help in tracking proximal environments.  
Zoning of phosphate minerals (x enotime, monazite, apatite):  Apatite and xenotime are proximal c.f. 
monazite to the Frogs Leg deposit (Figure 24). Occurrences of a patite ± xenotime elsewhere, as in 
the previously identified location east of Frog’s Leg, maybe indicative of proximal environment.  
Allanite is also proximal to the  Frog’s Leg deposit (Figure 16)  although the absence of allanite 
elsewhere may indicate leaching of allanite from air core sampl es.   
 
Figure 9: Location of SEM sample s for M452&M494, Frog’s Leg deposit and environs 
 
        
14511 
 Distribution of Na‐Ca feldspars (anorthite – andesine – albite)   
Camp‐scale 
  
    F r o g ’ s   L e g   a n d   e n v i r o n s  
 
       Anorthite 
 
Andesine    Albite 
Figure 10: Evolution study (M452&M494): Na‐Ca feldspars (anorth ite – andesine – albite) – all data 
50 10 90 20 80 30 70 40 6050
1090
2080
3070
4060
5010
9020
8030
7040
60Anorthite
Andesine Albite
14612 
 Distribution of Na‐Ca feldspars (anorthite – andesine – albite)   
 
                      
                                                      
                             
                                    
 
Figure 11: Evolution study (M452&M494): Panels illustrating zon ing in calcic feldspars 
 
  
50 10 90 20 80 30 70 40 6050
1090
2080
3070
4060
5010
9020
8030
7040
60Anorthite
Andesine Albite50 10 90 20 80 30 70 40 6050
1090
2080
3070
4060
5010
9020
8030
7040
60Anorthite
Andesine Albite50 10 90 20 80 30 70 40 6050
1090
2080
3070
4060
5010
9020
8030
7040
60Anorthite
Andesine Albite
14713 
 Distribution of Fe‐Mg hydrous silicates (chlorite – hornblende – Mg‐actinolite) 
    C a m p ‐ s c a l e  
 
     F r o g ’ s   L e g   a n d   e n v i r o n s  
 
Chlorite 
        
Hornblende       Mg‐actinolite 
Figure 12: Evolution study (M452&M494): Fe‐Mg hydrous silicates  (chlorite – hornblende – Mg‐actinolite) 
50 10 90 20 80 30 70 40 6050
1090
2080
3070
4060
5010
9020
8030
7040
60Clinochlore
Hornblende Actinolite_Mg
14814 
 Distribution of K‐ silicates (bio tite ‐ K‐feldspar – muscovite) 
     C a m p ‐ s c a l e  
         
  
Frog’s Leg and environment 
         
                        
                          Biotite 
 
Muscovite                                  Microcline  
Figure 13: Evolution study (M452 &M494): K‐ silicates (biotite ‐  K‐feldspar – muscovite) 
50 10 90 20 80 30 70 40 6050
1090
2080
3070
4060
5010
9020
8030
7040
60Biotite
Muscovite Microcline
14915 
 Distribution of Ti‐minerals (Titanite ‐ ilmenite – rutile)   
              Camp‐scale 
      
         Frog’s Leg and environment 
            
                         Titanite 
 
Ilmenite                                    Rutile  
Figure 14: Evolution study (M452&M494): Ti‐minerals (Titanite ‐  ilmenite – rutile)   
50 10 90 20 80 30 70 40 6050
1090
2080
3070
4060
5010
9020
8030
7040
60Titanite
Ilmenite Rutile
15016 
 Distribution of calc‐feldspars & dravite‐schorl 
              Camp‐scale 
         
 
         Frog’s Leg and environs 
 
Anorthite 
      
 Andesine                                    Albite 
Figure 15: Evolution study (M452&M494): Calc‐feldspars & Dravite‐schorl > 1% 
50 10 90 20 80 30 70 40 6050
1090
2080
3070
4060
5010
9020
8030
7040
60Anorthite
Andesine Albite
15117 
 Allanite 
  
Figure 16: Camp‐scale distributio n of allanite (iogas variable  map) 
 
Camp‐scale relative distribution of pyrite & pyrrhotite 
  
Figure 17: Camp‐scale relative d istribution of pyrrhotite and p yrite 
 
  
15218 
           
   Relative distribution of pyrrhotite, pyrite and barite 
 
 
  
           Barite*50  
 
P y r i t e      P y r r h o t i t e  
  
Figure 18: Relative distribution  of pyrrhotite, pyrite and bari te, Frog’s Leg and environs  
 
  50 10 90 20 80 30 70 40 6050
1090
2080
3070
4060
5010
9020
8030
7040
60Barite*50
Pyrite Pyrrhotite
15319 
  
 
       Gersdorffite 
    
Figure 19: Distribution of gersd orffite in Frog’s Leg and envir ons (iogas variable map) 
 
      Arsenopyrite 
 
Figure 20: Distribution of arsen opyrite in Frog’s Leg and envir ons (iogas variable map) 
15420 
  
             Siegenite 
 
       Figure 21: Distribution of s iegenite in Frog’s Leg and e nvirons (iogas variable map) 
 
Cobaltite 
 
Figure 22: Distribution of cobal tite in Frog’s Leg and environs (iogas variable map) 
     
   
 
15521 
   
Grunerite ‐ Cummingtonite 
 
 
Figure 23: Distribution of grunerite‐cummingtonite in Frog’s Le g and environs (iogas variable map) 
  
15622 
  
Distribution of xenotime, monazite, apatite (relative abundance ) 
   C a m p ‐ s c a l e  
    
      Frog’s Leg and environs  
  
 
          Xenotime*50 
 
Monazite*50                 Apatite  
Figure 24:  Distribution of xenot ime, monazite, apatite (relati ve abundance)  50 10 90 20 80 30 70 40 6050
1090
2080
3070
4060
5010
9020
8030
7040
60Xeno*50
Monazite*50 Apatite
15723 
  
Redox zoning around the Frog’s Leg deposit 
 
Pyrrhotite is the dominant sulfid e in the Frog’s Leg deposit wi th pyrite outboard. This zoning 
arrangement implies a redox and/or sulfur activity gradient with the lowest redox conditions centred 
on the deposit and an outer oxidized halo. The distribution of  magnetite and minor amounts of 
barite help to define the focus and extent of the oxidised halo . 
Magnetite has been lo gged or inferred in DDHs MERC501D, MEDD015 , MEDD136, MEDD144, 
MEDD146, EVDD0003 and EVDD0004. The  approximate positions of ob served magnetite are shown 
in Figure 25 with respect to mag netic map (RTP). The best devel oped zone was observed in the 
upper 300 m of MEDD146 with magneti te distributed in crosscutti ng amphibole‐biotite “veins”.   
From the magnetics maps, seconda ry magnetite forms a discontinu ous halo around the Frog’s Leg 
deposit. It is best developed on the eastern side of the deposit in a zone broadly conformable with stratigraphy but also occurs on  the southern flanks and in the  northern hangingwall of the deposit. 
Relatively abundant trace barite, with respect to pyrite and py rrhotite (strong blue dots; Figure 18) 
shows a greater spatial distribut ion but is also best developed  east of Frog’s Leg. This asymmetry 
may reflect an asymmetry in the causative redox gradient.  
 
 
Figure 25: Frog’s Leg DDHs with s econdary magnetite shown with  respect to magnetic map (RTP).  
Arrows indicate approximate posi tion of observed magnetite in D DHs   
  
1km
15824 
 SEM petrography on EIS DDH MEDD144 
 
A quantitative SEM study of DDH M EDD144 was undertaken as a contribution to MRIWA project 
M452 (Warren et al. 2017). The data are being used in the M494  proximal alteration study of the 
Frog’s Leg deposit.  MEDD144 wa s drilled through footwall andes itic volcaniclastics (White Flag Beds) 
of the Frog’s Leg deposit, the C entenary Shale, equivalent to the lode horizon, and into the 
hangingwall Victorious Basalt.   
 
Figure 26: Mineral time‐space pl ot for andesitic volcaniclastic s in MEDD144  
 
Details of the SEM study of MEDD144 are given in Walshe et al.  (2018).  A 4D time‐space plot for 
mineral evolution developed for  the section of andesitic volcan iclastics is shown in Figure 26.  
Early andesine progressively rep laces/retextures the quartz‐ric h groundmass of the volcaniclastics 
down hole with amphi bole alteration appe aring around ~ 350m. Th ere is more or less a progressive 
increase in actinolite relative to hornblende down section. A zone of albite, commonly after andesine, is developed around ~ 500 to 800m.  Late anorthite ± m uscovite ± dravite‐schorl overprints 
the andesine assemblage in the upper ~300m of MEDD144. This ass emblage in the lower section of 
the hole may be para‐genetically  late as shown in Figure 26. An  alternate interpretation is that the 
development of the anorthite is  diachronous with early anorthit e in the lower section of MEDD144 
and later anorthite in the upper ~300m. A minor assemblage of m icrocline ± biotite ± chlorite ± 
pyrrhotite is paragenetically lat e. Significant pyrrhotite occu rs below ~890m. Pyrite is the dominant 
minor sulphide in the upper secti on of the hole overlapping with minor magnetite between ~200 
and 800m. Magnetite appears stable  through the paragenesis. Ilm enite is the common Ti‐phase with 
titanite occurring below ~400m. A notable titanite ± rutile zon e occurs at ~945 to 1045m and an 
ilmenite ± rutile zone  from ~0 to 300m.        
15926 
  
References 
 
Mikucki, E. J. and F. I. Roberts (2004). Metamorphic petrograph y of the Kalgoorli e region, Eastern 
Goldfields Granite‐Greenstone Terrane: METPET database, Western Australia Geological Survey 
Record, 2003/12 : 40 p. 
Tripp, G. I. (2013). Stratigraphy  and structure in the Neoarcha ean of thealgoorlie district, Australia: 
critical controls on greenstone‐ hosted gold deposits. PhD, Jame s Cook University. 
Walshe, J. L., R. Bitchall, T. Shelton and A. B. Bath (2018). R eport to GSWA: Study of EIS DDH 
MEDD144 Frog's Leg Dep osit. Perth, CSIRO : 16. 
Warren, J. D., J. L. Walshe, A.  B. Bath and R. Birchall (2017).  Mineral Mapping in the Frog’s Leg ‐
White Foil domain and camp‐scale patterns, Kundana Au Camp. MRI WA 452 Final Report: Pathways 
to high grade gold: 3D gradient  mapping of mineral systems. J.  L. Walshe, A. B. Bath and J. M. Miller. 
 
 
160 
 
Report to GSWA: Study of EIS 
DDH MEDD144 Frog's Leg 
Deposit  
 
John L. Walshe, Renee Birchall, Tina Shelton and Adam B. Bath  
 
 
  
Australia’s National  
Science Agency  
161Mineral Resources  
Citation  
Walshe  J.L., Birchall R., Shelton T. D. and Bath  A.B. (2019). Report to GSWA: Study of EIS DD H 
MEDD144 Frog's Leg Deposit , MRIWA 494 Final Report.  
Copyright  
© Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation 20 19. To the extent permitted 
by law, all rights are reserved and no part of this publication covered by copyright may be 
reproduced or copied in any form or by any means except with the written permission of CSIRO.  
Important disclaimer  
CSIRO advises that the information contained in this publication comprises general statements 
based on scientific research. The reader is advised and needs to be aware that such information 
may be incomplete or unable to be used in any  specific situation. No reliance or actions must 
therefore be made on that information without seeking prior expert professional, scientific and 
technical advice. To the extent permitted by law, CSIRO (including its employees and consultants) 
excludes all liability to any person for any consequences, including but not limited to all losses, 
damages, costs, expenses and any other compensation, arising directly or indirectly from using this 
publication (in part or in whole) and any information or material con tained in it.  
CSIRO i s committed to providing web accessible content wherever possible. If you are having 
difficulties with accessing this document please contact  csiroenquiries@csir o.au . 
162Report to GSWA: Study of EIS DDH MEDD144 Frog's Leg Deposit  
John L. Walshe, Renee Birchall, Tina Shelton and Adam B. Bath  
Executive Summary  
 
MEDD144 was drilled through footwall andesitic volcaniclastics  (White Flag Beds) of the Frog’s Leg 
deposit, the Centenary Shale, equivalent to the lode horizon, and into the hangingwall Victorious  
Basalt. Downhole profiles of major and minor minerals, including quartz, feldspars, amphiboles, 
biotite, chlorite, muscov ite, Fe -Ti-oxides, sulphides and carbonates, were constructed  from 
quantitative SEM mapping of 58 samples. T extural information from the SEM mapping provided 
paragenetic constraints on mineral evolution.   
 
Figure 1: Mineral time -space plot for andesitic volcaniclastics in MEDD144  
 
A 4D time -space plot for mineral evolution was developed for the section of andesitic volcaniclastics 
in MEDD144 ( Figure 1), integrating mineral profiles and paragenetic constraints. Early andesine 
progressively replaces/retextures the quartz -rich groundmass of the volcaniclastics down hole with 
amphibole alteration appearing around ~ 350m. There is more or less a progressive increase in 
actinolite relative to hornblende down section. A zone of albite, commonly after andesine, is 
developed around ~500 to 800m.  Late anorthite ± muscovite ± dravite- schorl overprints the 
andesine assemblage in the upper ~300m of MEDD144.  This assemblage in the lower section of the 
hole may be p ara-genetically late as shown Figure 1. An alternate interpretation is that the 
163develo
pment of the anorthite is diachronous with early anorthite in the lower section of MEDD144 
and later anorthite in the upper ~300m. A minor assemblage of microcline ± biotite ± chlorite ± 
pyrrhotite is paragenetically late. Significant pyrrhotite occurs below ~890m. Pyrite is th e dominant 
minor sulphide in the upper section of the hole overlapping with minor magnetite between ~200 and 800m.  Magnetite appears stable through the paragenesis. Ilmenite is the common Ti- phase with 
titanite occurring below ~400m. A notable titanite ± r utile zone occurs at ~945 to 1045m and an 
ilmenite ± rutile zone from ~0 to 300m.        
Whole -rock multi -element (4 acid digest) and pXRF data provided litho -geochemical control and 
constraints on the extent of metasomatism.    
 
  
164Contents  
Executive Summary  .................................................................................................................................. i  
Introduction ............................................................................................................................................ 1  
Litho -geochemical Classification  ............................................................................................................. 1  
Whole -rock geochemical variations ........................................................................................................ 5  
Mineralogical profile of MEDD144 from SEM mineral mapping  ............................................................ 6  
Mineral- time -space plot for andesitic volcaniclastics in MEDD144  ....................................................... 9  
References  ............................................................................................................................................ 12 
Table 1: Summary of mineral assemblages for the White Flag Beds (Andesite) in MEDD144…………..1 2 
 
Figures  
 
Figure 1: Mineral time -space plot for andesitic volcaniclastics in MEDD144  .......................................... i  
Figure 2: Location of MEDD144 and other DDHs from the Frog’s Legs deposit studied in M452 and M494.  ...................................................................................................................................................... 1  
Figure 3: Litho -geochemi cal classification of MEDD144 based on ternary plots of Th -Cr-Ti and Zr- Cr-Ti 
utilising the multi-element data set. ....................................................................................................... 2  
Figure 4: Go ld grades (yellow diamonds) and magnetic susceptibility data (open diamonds)for 
MEDD144  ................................................................................................................................................ 2  
Figure 5: Down variation in major multi -elements with litho -geochemical classification from Figure 3.  
Analyses by 4 acid digest, supplied by Evolution Mining, except for Si determined by pXRF (this study)  ...................................................................................................................................................... 3  
Figure 6: Down- hole comparison of ME -4acid digest and pXRF analyses for Cr, Zr and Ti .................... 4  
Figure 7: Magnetite abundance (red squares) and magnetic susceptibility data (open diamonds) for MEDD144  ................................................................................................................................................ 5  
Figure 8:  Downhole distribution of pyrite, pyrrhotite and magnetite; classified on the basis of relative proportions.  ............................................................................................................................... 5  
Figure 9: Distribution of ho rnblende and actinolite with magnetic susceptibility and hornblende 
number defined as 100*%hornblende/(%hornblende+%actinolite). Number calculated for sum of %hornblende+%actinolite >1%  ............................................................................................................... 6  
Figure 10: Distribution of biotite and muscovite with magnetic susceptibility  ...................................... 7  
Figure 11: Distribution of andesine and anorthite with magnetic susceptibility and anorthite number 
defined as 100*%anorthite/(%anorthite+%andesine). Number c alculated for sum of 
%andesine+%anorthite >1% ................................................................................................................... 7  
Figure 12: Distribution of albite, oligoclase and microcline with magnetic suscept ibility  ..................... 8  
Figure 13: Relative proportions of Ti -minerals (titanite, rutile, ilmenite) with respect to magnetic 
susceptibility  ......................................................................................................................................... 10 
Figure 14: SEM images and textural constraints on mineral paragenesis. Dimension of rounds are 
25mm. Other images 20mm across.  ..................................................................................................... 11 
 
  
165 
Introduction  
 
The study of DDH MEDD144 was undertaken as a contribution to  MRIWA projects M452  (Warren et 
al. 2017)  and M494 (Walshe et al. 2016) .  The study undertook SEM mappin g to quantitatively define 
the mineralogical variation and paragenesis within and around the Frog’s Leg deposit. Integration of 
the results with SEM studies across the Northern Star and Evolution Mining leases are providing insight 
into camp -scale mineral zoning and paragenesis. The location of the hole is shown in Figure 2 together 
with other Frog’s Leg holes studied  during M 452 and M494 .  
 
 
Figure 2: Location of MEDD144 and other  DDHs from the Frog’s Legs deposit studie d in M452 and M494.  
View through Leap Frog Model looking north and underlay of RTP magnetics.  
 
Litho -geochemical Classification  
 
MEDD144 was drilled through footwall andesit ic volcaniclastics  (White  Flag Beds) of  the Frog’s Leg 
deposit, the Centenary Shale, equivalent to the lode horizon, and into the hangingwall Victorious 
Basalt. These units were discriminated geochemically ( Figure 3) on the basis of the relative 
abundance of immobile elements (Ti, Zr, Cr, Th) from the multi- element data set supplied  by 
Evolution Mining and the classification procedures developed in MRIWA  projects M410 and M452 
(Walshe et al. 2014, Walshe et al. 2017) . The Victorious Basalt is geochemically equivalent to the 
Lunnon Basalt  (Figure 3) but stratigraphically correlated with the Paringa Basalt (Hayman et al. 
2015) .  
Au grades  
The best gold occurrence in MEDD144 is on the contact of the Centenary Shale (plus 5gms;  Figure 4) 
but gold is also  located in the andesite, notably in zone at ~333 -336 m and in the Victorious Basalt.     
 
166 
 
 
Figure 3: Litho -geochemical classification of MEDD144 based on ternary plots of Th- Cr-Ti and Zr -Cr-Ti utilising the multi-
element data set.  
  
 
Figure 4: Gold grades (yellow diamonds) and magnetic susceptibility data (open diamonds) for MEDD144  
 101010
202020
303030
404040
5050 50
6060
60
7070
70
8080
80
9090
90Zr*50
C r*10 Ti_ppm101010
202020
303030
404040
5050 50
6060
60
7070
70
8080
80
9090
90Th*3000
Cr*10 Ti_ppm
Victorious Basalt (Lunnon equivalent)Centenary Shale
Andesite
(Black Flag Beds)
       
    
0123456
05101520253035404550
0 200 400 600 800 1000 1200
Au  (ppm)Magnetic Susceptibility (SI*10-3)
Depth (m)
Andesite Centenary Shale Victorious Basalt
167 
Figure 5: Down  variation in m ajor multi -element s with litho -geochemical classification from Figure 3.  Analyses by 4 acid 
digest, supplied by Evolution Mining, except for Si determined by pXRF (this study)  
168 
Figure 6: Down -hole c omparison of ME -4acid digest and pXRF analyses for Cr, Zr and Ti  
 
169 
Whole -rock geochemical variations  
 
Downhole variations in whole rock data for major (Al, Si, K, Na, Mg, Fe) and minor (Cr, Ti, Zr) 
elements are shown in Figure 5 and Figure 6 respectively. The andesite in the section is 
compositionally homogeneous with no systematic variations in the immobile elements or Si, Al and Fe. Variations in Na and K and to lesser extent Mg reflect the distribution of alteration mineralogy (see later discussion). Figure 6 gives a comparison of 4 -acid digest and p XRF analyses for Cr, Ti and 
Cr. 
 
Figure 7: Magnetite abundance (red squares) and magnetic susceptibility data (open diamonds) for MEDD144  
 
 
Figure 8:  D own hole distribution of pyrite, pyrrhotite and magnetite; classified on the basis of relative proportions.  Andesite Centenary Shale Victorious Basalt05101520253035404550
0 200 400 600 800 1000 120000.10.20.30.40.50.60.7Magnetic Susceptibility (SI *10-3)
Depth
Hem_mt occurrences (vol %)
170 
 
Figure 9: Distribution of hornblende and actinolite with magnetic susceptibility and hornblende number  defined as  
100*%h ornblende/(% hornblende +%actinolite). Number calculated for sum of % hornblende+% actinolite >1%   
 
Mineralogical profile of MEDD144 from SEM mineral mapping  
 
Down holes profiles for salient minerals are shown in Figure 7 through  Figure 13 and referenced to 
the magnetic susceptibility data supplied by Evolution Mining (se e also Andersen (2012) ). There are 
several zones of high magnetic susceptibility in the andesite, most notably between ~600 -800m.  
Magnetite distribution: Figure 7 shows that the distribution of magnetite in MED144 determined by 
SEM correlates reasonably well with the magnetic susceptibility response for the hole. Strictly the 
SEM measurement is of hematite ± magnetite as the measurement does not discriminate between Fe-oxides. Significant pyrrhotite occurs below ~890m. Above that  pyrrhotite is less than 0.08 vol. %.  
Pyrite is the dominant minor sulphide in the upper section of the hole overlapping with minor magnetite (Figure 8).   
Amphibole distribution: Amphibole is widely distributed in MEDD144 from a depth of ~350m.  
Actinolitic amphibole is best developed in a zone from ~950 to 1100m across the lode zone.  Al-
amphibole (h ornblende ) is best developed in the Victorious basalt and there is more or less as 
progressive increase in hornblende relative to actinolite up -section in the andesite as den oted by the 
hornblende number  (Figure 9). There is no obvious relationship between the distribution of 
amphiboles and the magnetic susceptibility profile of the hole.  
Biotite  and muscovite distribut ion:  Biotite is also widely distributed through the andesite ( Figure 10).  
Notably a zone of low biotite abundance coincides with the high in magnetic susceptibility between  
~600 -800m.  Distribution of muscov ite is more spatially restricted to upper (~0 -300m) and lower 
sections  (~750 -950m) of the andesite. Overall the tenor of muscovite is much less than biotite. Andesite Centenary Shale Victorious Basalt020406080100120
0 200 400 600 800 1000 12000102030405060
Depth
Amphibole (vol %)
Hornblende Actinolite Magnetic Susceptibility Hornblende NoMag. Susc & Horblende Number
171Eleva
ted K in the w hole rock  analyses between ~700 and 1050m mostly reflects the abundance of 
biotite, with lesser contributions from muscovite and microcline.    
 
Figure 10: Distribution of biotite and muscovite with magnetic susceptibility  
 
 
Figure 11: Distribution of andesine and anorthite with magnetic susceptibility and anorthite number defined as 
100*% anorthite /(%anorthite +%andesine ). Number calculated for sum of % andesine +%anorthite  >1%   
 Andesite Centenary Shale Victorious Basalt05101520253035404550
0 200 400 600 800 1000 120005101520253035
Depth
Biotite  and Muscovite  (vol %)
Biotite Muscovite Magnetic SusceptibilityMagnetic Susceptibility (SI*10-3) 
Andesite Centenary Shale Victorious Basalt020406080100120
0 200 400 600 800 1000 1200051015202530354045
Depth
Andesine and Anorthite (vol %)
Andesine Anorthite Magnetic Susceptibility Anorthite NoMag. Susc & Anorhtite Number
172 
Figure 12: Distribution of a lbite, oligoclase and microcline with magnetic susce ptibility  
 
 
Feldspar distribution:  The calcic feldspars (andesine and anorthite) also vary systematic down hole 
(Figure 11). Anorthite mostly occurs in up per (~0-300m) of MEDD144 and lower sections (~900-
1200m) of the hole with andesine dominate in the interval between ~ 300 to 900m. The anorthite 
number summariz es this pattern. The andesine zone includes the high in magnetic susceptibility 
between ~600 -800m although the tenor of calcic feldspars tends to be lower through this interval. 
The distribution of Na -K feldspars (albite, oligoclase and microcline) is more  limited in MEDD144 
(Figure 12) c.f. the calcic feldspars. Notably there is a correlation of albite ± oligoclase  with magnetic 
susceptibility at least below ~ 500m. S ignificant microcline is limited to an interval from ~ 900 to 
1000 m with some correlation with magnetic susceptibility.  
Ti-mineral distribution:  The relative proportions of Ti -minerals (titanite, rutile, ilmenite) are shown in  
Figure  13. Ilmenite is the dominant Ti -mineral in the  upper -middle section of volcaniclastics giving 
way to titan ite below ~900m . The lower titan ite zone broadly coincides with the lower anorthite 
domain (~900 -1200m).  The relative proportion of rutile is higher in the upper section of 
volcaniclastics (~0 -300m), broadly coinciding with an anorthite  ± muscovite domain . The relative 
proportions of Ti -minerals are more variable in the high magnetic susceptibility zones between 
~400 -800m.   
  
 Andesite Centenary Shale Victorious Basalt05101520253035404550
0 200 400 600 800 1000 1200051015202530
Depth
Albite, Oligoclase, Microcline (vol %)
Albite Oligoclase Microcline Magnetic SusceptibilityMagnetic Susceptibility (SI*10-3)
173Mineral- time -space plot for andesitic volcaniclastics in MEDD144  
 
The textural information from the SEM mapping has been combined with the mineral zoning to 
construct a mineral- time -space plot for the section of  andesitic volcaniclastics in MEDD144 ( Figure 
1). Summary notes  used to construct the figure are provided in Table 1  and SEM textural constraints 
illustrated  in Figure 14.   
The most primitive textural feature is a quartz rich matrix that may reflect an early silicification in the volcaniclastics.  Andesine ± biotite ± calcite forms a network/fabric overprint on matrix quartz 
and is best developed in the interval ~400 -600m; overlapping with the zone of relatively Al -rich 
amphiboles ( Figure 9). Notably the  andesine replaces pre -existing quartz  Figure 14b and d) . 
The albite ± oligoclase that o verlap s with magnetic susceptibility from ~ 500  to 800 m mostly 
develops as a replacement of andesine, commonly as isolated  albite  crystals in an andesine “matrix”  
(Figure 14e and g) . More rarely albite ± actinolite  forms retextured domains  (Figure 14g).  
Anorthite ± muscovite ± dravite- schorl is a late r overprint on andesine most no table in the upper 
(~0-330m) section of volcaniclastics in MEDD144 ( Figure 14c). In the lower section of volcaniclastics 
(below ~900m) the andesine was never well developed or alternatively extensively replaced by 
anorthite.    
Amphibole ± calcite ± biotite ± chlorite broadly overlap spatially and temporally with the sodic -calcic 
feldspars.  Incipient amphibole alteration develops as a “spotting” within andesine ( Figure 14a) and 
progresses to retextured domains of amphibole and andesine ( Figure 14e). Hornblende (Al -rich 
amphibole) maybe texturally associated with  biotite or anorthite.  
Microcline  ± biotite ± chlorite ± pyrrhotite develops relatively late c.f. other assemblages  (Figure 
14g)  but may be overprinted by anorthite ± muscovite assemblages  (Figure 14f). Magnetite is 
associated with late biotite and/or late microcline ± chlorite ± biotite  (Figure 14g) and biotite ± 
andesine  (Figure 14h)  but may also be integrown with andesine, amphibole and anorthite.         
Titanite is commonly associated with Al -amphibole ± actinolite ± calcite domains with andesine or 
anorthite but als o occurs with biotite - and microcline -rich assemblages. Ilmenite and rutile also show 
a diversity of mineral associations. That said there are a number examples of cm -scale changes in Fe -
Ti-O mineral species with changes in silicate mineralogy; e.g. In MED D144_439.86 titanite is located 
with Al -amphibole ± andesine ± calcite and ilmenite ± magnetite located with biotite ± andesine.  
 
174  
Figure 13: Relative proportions of Ti- minerals (titanite, rutile, ilmenite) with respect to magnetic susceptibility  
175Figure 14: SEM images and textural constraints on mineral paragenesis. Dimension of rounds are 25mm. Other images 
20mm across.   Legend  
 
 Legend  
 
 
a: MEDD144_464.81_A. Hornblende ± actinolite “spotting” 
with andesine ± biotite ± calcite alteration. Minor albite 
crystal growth and late cross -cutting anorthite .  b: MEDD144_464.81_B. Same field of view as 464.81_ A 
showing distribution of  quartz and andesine veining .  
 
 Legend  
  
 Legend  
 
 
c: MEDD144_197.55_A. Anorthite ± muscovite ± dravite - 
schorl overprint on quartz ± andesine ± biotite -± chlor
ite ± - 
calcite.
 Minor dispersed magnetite.     
d: MEDD144_197.55_B. Same field of view as 195.55_A 
showing distribution of pre- anorthite quartz and relict 
andesine    
 
 Legend  
  
 Legend  
 
e: MEDD144_50 7.06 . Retextured domains of hornble nde ± 
actinolite with andesine ± biotite ± calcite. Albite and 
titan ite crystals occur marginal to retextured domains.    f: MEDD144_959.2 . Microcline± biotite ± calcite± 
pyrrhotite ± titanite assemblage overprinted by anorthite 
± muscovite ± dravite -schorl.    
 
 Legend  
  
 Legend  
 
 
g: MEDD144_689.8. Late microcline ± biotite ± chlorite ± 
magnetite ± ilmenite assemblage. Ilmenite after rutile in 
retextured domains of albite and actinolite .   
h: MEDD144_439.86 . Magnetite ± ilmenite with biotite ± 
andesine . Titanite with hornblende ± andesine ± calcite .  
176 
References  
  
Andersen, L. (2012). Frog's Leg Deeps MEDD144. EIS  drlling report by La Mancha Resources Australia 
Pty Ltd to GSWA, Perth, WA : 33p.  
Hayman, P. C., N. Thébaud, M. J. Pawley, S. J. Barnes, R. A. F. Cas, Y. Amelin, J. Sapkota, R. J. Squire, I. 
H. Campbell and I. Pegg (2015). "Evolution of a ∼ 2.7Ga large igneous province: A 
volcanological, geochemical and geochronological study of the Agnew Greenstone Belt, and 
new regional correlations for the Kalgoorlie Terrane (Yilgarn Craton, Western Australia)." Precambrian Research  270: 334 -368.  
Walshe, J . L., A. B. Bath, J. Cloutier and M. A. Hough (2014). High grade Au deposits:processes to 
prediction,MERIWA 410 Final Report, Geological Survey of Western Australia Report 145 : 
183 p.  
Walshe, J. L., A. B. Bath and J. M. Miller (2016). Mapping chemical arch itecture of gold camps, 
Research proposal to Mineral Research Institute, WA : 20p.  
Walshe, J. L., A. B. Bath and J. M. Miller (2017). Final Report MRIWA project452: Pathways to high 
grade gold: 3D gradient mapping of mineral systems  
 
Warren, J. D., J. L. Wa lshe, A. B. Bath and R. Birchall (2017). Mineral Mapping in the Frog’s Leg -
White Foil domain and camp- scale patterns, Kundana Au Camp. MRIWA 452 Final Report: 
Pathways to high grade gold: 3D gradient mapping of mineral systems . J. L. Walshe, A. B. 
Bath and J. M. Miller. 
  
177 
Table 1: Summary of mineral assemblages for the White Flag Beds (Andesite) in MEDD144  
 
Depth  
 
 
 Silicified  
grd-mss 
/volc 
frag. 
 
Qtz vns  Andesine  
network  
on quartz  
± biotite 
± calcite  Calc.  
over  
dol. Chl 
± 
calc.  Anorthite  
 ± musc.  
± dravite    
over 
andesine  Musc.  
Albite  Chl. vns  
±cal.±Ksp  
±epi ± bte  Amph. ± 
calc.  
 
 Albite  
phcryt   
 
65.42  X X   X     Ilm 
82.22  X X   X     Ilm 
87.22  X X   X     Ilm, Rtle  
99.53  Vein of calcite with musc -clinochlore -albite -monazite - apatite later quartz -dravite/schorl                 Rtle 
109 X X X X X     Ilm 
131 X X   X     Ilm 
148.27  X   X  X    Rtle 
153.36  X X X  X     Ilm, Rtle  
178.38  X X X  X     Ilm, Rtle  
197.55  X X  X X     Mt, Ilm  
221.77  X X   X     Mt, Ilm  
244.8  X X   X     Ilm 
263.2  X X X  X     Ilm 
276.2  X X  X X  Chl-cc   Rtle 
289.27  X X   X     Ilm 
304.93  Calcite vein, quartz veins, def, 
andesine veins  X     Rtle, Ilm  
311.89  X -little  
andesine    X 
     Ilm, min. Rtle  
331.56  X    X     Ilm, min. Rtle  
352.87  relict  X      Hblde ±act 
on bt   Ilm 
372.32  relict  X      Hblde ±act 
on bt   Ilm 
375.11  relict  Minor  
late 
biotite       Bands of 
andesine in 
hblde  ± 
calc.   Mt, Ilm  
398 relict  Biotite -
andesine  
fabric       Hblde ±act  
± calc spots 
after  bt, 
qtz, 
andesite  rare Ilm 
418.79  relict  Andesine  
biotite  
fabric    Minor  
anorthite    Minor 
spots of  
Hblde ±act  
with calcite   Ilm 
439.86  relict  Andesine  
biotite  
fabric  
domain    Minor  
anorthite    Act. ande. 
fabric dom . 
Hblde  
margins adjac. 
biotite   Mt & ilmenite  
with bioti te. 
Titanite with act. 
           
178Depth  Silicified  
grd-mss 
/volc 
frag. 
 
Qtz vns   Andesine  
network  
on quartz  
± biotite 
± calcite  Calc.  
over  
dol. Chl 
± 
calc.  Anorthite  
 ± musc.  
± dravite    
over 
andesine  Musc.  
Albite  Chl. vns  
±cal.±Ksp  
±ep ± bte 
 Amph. ± 
calc.  
 
 Albite  
phcryt  Hm-mt 
Ilm_rtle  
Tit 
464.81  relict  Andesine  
fab. d om. 
bte, calc.    Anorthite    Act ±hblde 
± calc.  
spots after  
bt, qtz, 
andesite  rare Ilm, min Tit   
Ilm with 
biotite  
492.16  Re-text. 
massive 
quartz Andes -
bte fab. 
dom. Py-
po in bte 
patch    Minor  
anorthite    Act ± hblde 
± calc.  
spots commonly with  andes. 
margins  rare Ilm, min Tit  
Tit. with  Act ± 
hblde domain  
507.06  Relict/  
Re-text.  Andesine  
fab. d om. 
bte, calc.    Minor  
anorthite    Retext. 
dom. andes ± act ± 
hblde ± 
calc.   Minor 
chl & bte  Adj. to 
retext. doms.  Ilm -Tit  
Ilm in Act ± hblde  or bte fab. Tit in retext. dom.  
514.17  Relict/ R
e-text.  Andesine  
fab. d om. 
bte, rare calc.   Chl 
grns in bte -   Retext. 
dom. andes ±  hblde 
±act.  
Hblde dom in bte with 
chl.  Distint  
areas in andes -
bte  dom.  Fine Ilm  
525.33  Relict 
grdmass  
 lte qtz vn Andesine  
bte fab. dom.    - -  Retext. 
dom. andes ± act  ± 
hblde ± 
calc. ± chl . 
Adj. to act.-calc-qtz. 
vein  In 
andes. dom.  loss of bte 
fab. Tit, min Ilm  
Coase Tit. 
Fine ilm  
547.62  Relict  Very 
weak andesine    Anorthite  
fabric ± 
drv ± bte 
±  hblde  
± calc  Late  
min 
Ksp Chl 
Clz  hblde ±act  
± bte 
develop fabric like 
texture   Ilm, min. Tit  
Fine ilm & tit  
567.14  Relict  Andesine  
fab. Bte ± 
qtz over  
grow and. fab.     Anorthite  
Limited. c.f. andes   
Margins on bte.  
After qtz?    Minor 
“clots” of  hblde ±act  
± calc.  
  Ilm, min. rtle  
Fine ilm  
179  Depth  
 Silicified  
grd-mss 
/volc 
frag. 
 
Qtz vns   Andesine  
network  
on quartz  
± biotite 
± calcite  Calc.  
over  
dol. Chl 
± 
calc.  Anorthite  
 ± musc.  
± dravite    
over 
andesine  Musc.  
Albite  Chl. vns  
±cal.± Ksp  
±ep± bte 
 Amph. ± 
calc.  
 
 Albite  
phcryt  Hm-mt 
Ilm_rtle  
Tit 
591.67  
 Retext.  
Silicified
? Andesine  
fab.   Anorthite  
overprint  
± drv ± 
musc   Ksp 
Chl 
Epi 
Bte  Minor 
“clots” of  hblde ±act  
± calc. Bte 
ovr mgins 
Ksp,Epid,Ch  Minor 
alb in  
andes. 
qtz Fine ilm rutile  
617.11  
 Minor 
relict  Andesine  
-bte fab.       Act±hblde  
± calc 
domain  
ovprt bte. 
act with ab;  
hbde with 
andes  Ab 
grns 
over andes. & bte?  
  Mt, ilm, tit  
 Mt with bte, qtz, andesine  
amphibole  
642.4  Relict  Very 
minor andes.    Anorthite  
Overprint on qtz    Domains of 
hblde ± 
bte± cc  
orprt on anorthite? Dil. site? of act-cc rimd 
by hblde 
and bte.   Mt with 
anorthite  
Ilm 
662.19  Retext.  
Silicified? Minor 
andes. fab.   Anorthite  
Overprint on qtz   LateKsp  
Epi 
Afterstr.  Domain of 
hblde ± cc 
over anorthite  
Follows 
struct.  
  Tit, Ilm  
Best titanite 
on margins of  
hblde domain  
689.8  A little 
remnant  
quartz Andesine  
fab ± bte?   
Strong albite overprt.       Late  
Ksp Mt 
Chl 
Bt Domain of 
act  ± alb. 
±cc ovr 
anorthite ± 
bte? Addn 
late bte  Alb 
grns in ande. Ab alt dom.  Rtle, Ilm, Tit.  
Mt with late  
Bt, chl, Ksp  
731.66  Min. 
remt  
qtz. Later  
vns/in 
bte Relict?  
andesine    Anorthite 
±mus. ±py 
±drv-sch. 
ovprt on andes.   Late qtz vns 
& bte ±ksp 
±chl ± clz ± 
hn?   Rutile,   
Late apatite  
after drav.  
Drav. after pyrite  
           
180Depth  Silicified  
grd-mss 
/volc 
frag.  
 
Qtz vns  Andesine  
network  
on quartz  
± biotite  
± calcite  Calc.  
over  
dol. Chl 
± 
calc.  Anorthite  
 ± musc.  
± dravite   
over  
andesine  Musc.  
Albite  Chl. vns  
±cal.±Ksp
±ep ± bte  
 Amph. ± 
calc. 
 
 Albite  
phcryt  Hm-mt 
Ilm_rtle  
Tit 
761.52  Relict? qtz 
in mtrix ± 
lter qtz 
mgins of 
cc diss. 
aftr relict 
devit.txt?  Andesine  
with cc, 
bte & qtz 
Relict?  
anorthite 
& albite    Relict 
anorthite
?  Late bte  
With/ aftr
quartz Patches 
hnblde ± 
act  ± cc 
±chl, after 
bte?   Hm-mt with 
chl after bte  
 
Ilm mostly  
inverse  
correlation  
with bte.  
791.56  - Andesine  
matrx 
with alb 
followed 
by  bte 
ovrprt      Late bt 
with 
andesine  
& hrnblde  Act ± 
hnblde ±cc 
in alb -qtz 
kernel  Kernel
of alb 
± qtz 
ovprt  
andes.  Ilm, min Rtle  
Ilm after 
rutile.  
Rutile mostly 
assoc with alb 
± act± hrnblde  
809.13  - Andesine  
overprts 
alb-qtz 
     Late bte ± 
chl with 
andes ± 
min. alb± 
mus.  Rextext. act 
± hnblde 
±cc overprt 
on qtz- alb. 
Bt-hnblde  Early 
alb ± 
qtz; 
ande.  
ovrprt  Ilm, min. Rtle  
Min mt with 
late bte -chl 
Py-ccp with 
amp±chl  
843.43  -    An ±mus 
± bte with  
qtz-cc vn      Rtle, Ilm  
869.27  - Andesine  
Matrix  
± bte      Late chl 
with Ksp  
±titanite  Minor amp  
Bte vein 
imply bte 
after andes  Alb ph.  
± qtz 
ovrprt  
andes.  Ilm, Rtle  
889.91   Andesine  
± bte ±qtz  
matrix      Late chl 
with Ksp  
   Titanite with 
ilm, min 
rutile;no 
sulfide  
895.1  
shale  Qtz with 
late chl-
bte -   Anorthite 
±mus±cc 
±drv-sch   Late chl ± 
bte± Ksp  
±po   Titanite with 
min rtle;po  
928.04  - Relict 
andesine    Anorthite  
-qtz fabric  
with bte    Bte ±amp  
±cc±chl   Ilm 
Diss po with 
Kfldspar  
945.68  
  Relict 
andesine    Anorthite  
-qtz fabric  Musc 
after 
Ksp± po   Ksp± po 
±cc.Vnlets 
xcut anor.    Crse titan ite 
Min. py, rtle  
Sphalerite  
959.2  Qtz 
matrix     Late anor. 
± mus±dv 
network   Ksp± bte 
±po ±cc.    Titanite  
V. min rtle  
Po, 
975.82  Qtz 
matrix     Late anor. 
± mus±dv 
network   Ksp± bte 
±po ±cc.    Titanite  
V. min rtle  
Po, Zircon  
985.6  
shale  Qtz vein 
asoc with 
bte-po-cc    An± mus  
ovprt on  
bte-po   Amp ovprt 
qtz, bte, po 
cc, anorth.   Titanite, rtle  
Po 
181 
 Depth  Silicified  
grd-mss 
/volc 
frag.  
 
Qtz vns  Andesine  
network  
on quartz  
± biotite  
± calcite  Calc.  
over  
dol. Chl 
± 
calc.  Anorthite  
 ± musc.  
± dravite   
over  
andesine  Musc.  
Albite  Chl. vns  
±cal.±Ksp
±ep ± bte  
 Amph. ± 
calc. 
 
 Albite  
phcryt  Hm-mt 
Ilm_rtle  
Tit 
1011  Fine gned  
qtz-andes  
rock  Domains 
andesine  
fabric, qtz 
absent    Anorthite 
partial 
ovrprt of 
andes.   Tygmatic 
bte veins 
overprt  
andes & 
anorthite  Late amp  
± cc 
overprint 
bte. Po -tit 
stable   Diss po  
Titanite  
1035.8  Qtz 
matrix     Anorth  
± cc ± bte  
± amp    Act ± 
hnblde ±cc  
maybe late   Titanite  
Diss po.  
1062.7  Qtz vein        Act – po-cc 
Distributed 
in qtz vein    
1074.5  Fine gned  
qtz-
anorthite  
rock     Anor. Fab 
±mus±clz 
ovpts bte 
±Kspr±po   Diss bte  
±Kspr±po  
 ±cc   Min. Ti phases  
Ilm, Tit.  
Diss po.  
1100.8  Remnant  
Qtz 
    Late 
anorthite 
mus ± clz 
over amp.   Domains of 
act ± hnbde 
±cc ± po. 
Hnbde 
margins of  
anorthite   Coarse titanite  
assoc. anor. 
minor po.  
1122  Crse grnd 
intgrth of  
Qtz-cc-po-
chl-andes  Andesine 
ovrprt on 
anor. ±cc      Chlorite ± 
musc ± 
marg ±clz 
ovrpt. Qtz 
absent    Ilm, Rtle  
Crse ilmenite 
with rutile 
margin  
 
           
182 
 
Litho -Geochemistry and 
Multiple Sulfur Isotopes  
Signatures of the Kundana Gold 
Camp  
 
Marcelo Godefroy -Rodriguez, John L. Walshe and Adam B. Bath  
 
 
  
Australia’s National  
Science Agency  
183Mineral Resources  
Citation  
Godefroy -Rodrigue z M., Walshe  J.L. and Bath  A.B. (2019 ). Litho -Geochemistry and Multiple Sulfur 
Isotopes Signatures of the Kundana Gold Camp , MRIWA 494 Final Report.  
Copyright  
© Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation 20 19. To the extent permitted 
by law, all rights are reserved and no part of this publication covered by copyright may be 
reproduced or copied in any form or by any means except with the written permission of CSIRO.  
Important disclaimer  
CSIRO advises that the information contained in this publication comprises general statements 
based on scientific research. The reader is advised and needs to be aware that such information 
may be incomplete or unable to be used in any  specific situation. No reliance or actions must 
therefore be made on that information without seeking prior expert professional, scientific and 
technical advice. To the extent permitted by law, CSIRO (including its employees and consultants) 
excludes all liability to any person for any consequences, including but not limited to all losses, 
damages, costs, expenses and any other compensation, arising directly or indirectly from using this 
publication (in part or in whole) and any information or material con tained in it.  
CSIRO i s committed to providing web accessible content wherever possible. If you are having 
difficulties with accessing this document please contact  csiroenquiries@csir o.au . 
184Litho-geochemistry and multiple sulfur isotopes 
signatures of the Kundana gold camp 
Marcelo Godefroy-Rodriguez◊, John Walshe* and Adam Bath* 
◊Uni
versity of Western Australia; *Australian Resources Research Centre, CSIRO 
Exe
cutive summary 
Multiple sulfur isotopes (34S, 33S and 36S) provide information on ore forming process (e.g. fluid-wall rock 
reactions, fluid mixing, boiling) and sulfur sources in the context of Archean orogenic gold deposits (e.g.  
Selvaraja et al. 2017) . The δ34S signature of sulfides is commonly used in combination with paragenetic 
information to constrain ore forming processes whereas the Δ33S and Δ36S values could led a source 
interpretation. If Δ33S and Δ36S are different from zero (±0.2 per mill, as per analytical uncertainty ) sulfur 
is interpreted as atmospheric and fixed into sedimentary and or volcanic rocks. Instead, values close to 
zero i
mply a mantle derived sulfur source that could not have interacted with the atmosphere (Farquhar 
et al. 2000). In this interim report we present a) The lithogeochemistry and metal associations of basalt 
and volcaniclastic host rocks at the Pegasus and Frog’s Leg deposits , b) The spatial correlation of biotite, 
anorthite and albite with Au c) The multiple sulfur isotope signature (δ34S, Δ33S and Δ36S) obtained from 
the Pegasus, Millenium and Frog’s Leg deposit s. Preliminary results, lead to a three end-member model 
including a mantle, seawater and crustal sulfur reservoir, where crustal sulfur could have played a major 
role during mineralization (stage II). 
  
185 
Contents 
Executive summary ........................................................................................................................................ i  
Figures ...........................................................................................................................................................  ii 
Mineralogical and geochemical constraints ................................................................................................ . 1 
Multiple sulfur isotopes (δ34S, Δ33S and Δ36S) from the Kundana Gold camp  .......................................... 3  
Scientific remarks .......................................................................................................................................... 5  
References .................................................................................................................................................... 6  
 
Figures 
Figure 1: Th-Cr-Ti plot used to discriminate altered rock units (Walshe et al. 2014) and mineral maps 
generated with TIMA (PGDD14062). ............................................................................................................ 1  
Figure 2: Classification scheme for lithologic units using TiO 2-Th, TiO 2-Nb, TiO 2-Zr, TiO 2-La (Barnes et al. 
2012). ............................................................................................................................................................  2 
Figure 3: Scatter plots of Au versus Ag- As-Sb-Te-Bi-W from the Pegasus and Frog’s Leg deposi t. .............. 2  
Figure 4: Down-the-hole profile of Au ppb and biotite, muscovite, anorthite and albite in vol. percentage 
(PGDD14062). ............................................................................................................................................... 3  
Figure 5: δ34S and Δ33S values including with Mass Dependent Fractionation field (Farquhar et al. 2002). 
Classification follow stages (Bath et al. 2017) and host rocks. ..................................................................... 4  
Figure 6: Δ33S and Δ36S values including MIF and MDF-array (Johnston 2007). Data is classified according 
to stage (Bath et al. 2017) and host rock. ..................................................................................................... 4  
 
 
186 
 
Mineralogical and geochemical constraints  
The Kundana gold district located in the Kalgoorlie Terrane is located in the Ora Banda and Coolgardie 
Domain of the Kalgoorlie Terrane. Rock units in the deposit, button to top, are the Bent Tree (apahanitic 
to pillowed basalt), Victorious Basalt (plagioclase phyric basaslt) and the Black Flag beds (shale, 
volcaniclastic and andesites (Hayman et al. 2015). The Powder Sill is classified as a gabbro intruding 
along planar contacts of the Black Flag beds (Tripp 2013). All lithologic units are metamorphosed to 
greenschist although preserve primary textural features (e.g. cumulate and phyric textures) are 
preserved, thus the prefix meta- is omitted in the following .  
We used semi-automated Scanning Electrion Microscpy (SEM) using a TIMA instrument at ARRC in order 
to collect quantitative and textural information on mineral assemblages from drill hole PGDD14062 and 
combined it with multi element geochemistry to gain insight of hydrothermal mineral footprints. 
 
Figure 1: Th-Cr-Ti plot used to discriminate altered rock units (Walshe et al. 2014) and mineral maps generated with TIMA 
(PGDD14062).  
 Multi-element geochemistry was used to define lithologic rock units accurately since foliation and 
alteration precludes a rock classification with mesoscopic features (e.g. foliated basalts versus thinly 
bedded volcaniclastic rocks) . Immobile TiO 2-Th, TiO 2-Nb, TiO 2-Zr, TiO 2-La and Ti- Cr-Th elements as well 
as TIMA images were used in order to classify rocks from PGDD14062 (Figs. 2 and 3). The TiO 2-Th, TiO 2-
Nb, TiO 2-Zr, TiO 2-La data from PGDD14062 in conjunction with data from Frog’ s Leg (Nichols 2015) and 
other localities in the Ora Banda and Coolgardie domains (Said and Kerrich 2010) display a clustering 
array following lithotypes (Fig. 2). Volcaniclastic rocks and shale have higher Th- Nb-Zr-La values and 
lower TiO 2 when compared to basalts (Fig. 2). In addition, the Bent Tree basalt display higher Th-Nb-ZR-
La when compared to the Victorious Basalt (Fig. 2). Similarly, the immobile Cr*10- Th*3000-Ti elements 
cluste r samples into rock types regardless of alteration (Fig. 1).  
187Gold has a broad positive correlation with Ag, As, Sb, Te and Bi (Fig. 3) and a no correlation with W. The 
low correlation of W is due to different behavior from the Pegasus deposit (this study) and from the 
Frog’s Leg deposit (Nichols 2015), which comprises to distinct populations (Fig. 3). Gold -rich samples 
(>100 ppb Au) from the Pegasus deposit are only comprised of shallow dipping veins and biotite bearing 
arsenopyrite shear zones, whereas, steeply dipping veins (K2 structure) are included in the Frog’s Leg 
sample collection. Whole rock geochemical analyses from steeply dipping veins (K2 structure) are 
pending and should be ready within a month.    
 
 
Figure 2 : Classification scheme for lithologic units using TiO 2-Th, TiO 2-Nb, TiO 2-Zr, TiO 2-La (Barnes et al. 2012).  
 
 
Figure 3 : Scatter plots of Au versus Ag- As-Sb-Te-Bi-W from the Pegasus and Frog’s Leg deposit.  
188High vol. percentages of biotite, anorthite and albite display some degree of spatial correlation with Au 
concentration within the Bent Tree and Victorious basalt. Where biotite is also developed in the footwall 
of shallow dipping veins at 170.1, 315.0 and 566.1 m (Fig. 4). In contrast, hornblende is mostly 
concentrated in the Bent Tree and Victorious Basalt (not shown) irrespective of the gold grade where it 
forms 100μm -3mm cumulates and porphyroblast in an aphanitic mass of quartz-chlorite-albite-calcite 
(e.g. Fig. 1).  
 
Figure 4 : Down-the-hole profile of Au ppb and biotite, muscovite, anorthite and albite in vol. percentage (PGDD14062).  
Multiple sulfur isotopes (δ34S, Δ33S and Δ36S) from the Kundana Gold 
camp 
Multiple sulfur isotope results and the respective analytical uncertainty from in situ  techniques (SIMS 
and SHRIMP) were classified according to host rock and mineral stages. Stage I, II and III were deducted 
from systematic TIMA observations (Bath et al. 2017), where, stage I is composed of albite-amphibole-
quartz ± muscovite-pyrrhotite ± pyrite ± chalcopyrite, stage II is comprised of andesine-anorthite-
tourmaline-biotite-chlorite-quartz-calcite-pyrrhotite-arsenopyrite ± pyrite ± sphalerite ± galena ± gold 
and stage III is composed of calcite-epidote-quartz-pyrrhotite ± pyrite ± chalcopyrite (Bath et al. 2017).  
The purpose plotting the δ34S, Δ33S and Δ36S from pyrite, pyrrhotite, chalcopyrite and arsenopyrite from 
all mineral stages is to gain insight into the sulfur reservoirs from the Kundana Gold district as 
hydrothermal fluids evolved from stage I to I II (Figs. 5 and 6) .  In addition, we consider a host rock 
classification to investigate the role of sulfur rich and sulfur poor host rocks (i.g. volcanic rocks versus 
shales) to supply or influence the sulfur isotope signature in sulfides. The latter considering that 
volcaniclastic and basaltic rocks contain 0.1-0.7 S wt. % S as opposed to shales which contain 0.8-11 wt. 
% S.  
189 
Figure 5 : δ34S and Δ33S values including with Mass Dependent Fractionation field (Farquhar et al. 2002). Classification follow 
stages (Bath et al. 2017) and host rocks.  
 
Figure 6 : Δ33S and Δ36S values including MIF and MDF-array (Johnston 2007). Data is classified according to stage (Bath et al. 
2017)  and host rock.   
190Stage I range from -7.7  to +14.6 ‰ in δ34S, from -0.9 to +2.17 ‰  in Δ33S and from - 2.5 to +1.0 ‰ Δ36S. 
Stage II range from -1.3 to +18 ‰  in δ34S, from +0.3 to +1.2 ‰  in Δ33S and from - 2.0 to +1.2 ‰  Δ36S. 
Stage III range from- 2.7 to +5.2 ‰ in δ34S, from 0 to +1.0 ‰ in Δ33S (Figs. 5 and 6). Because of the 
difficulty of acquiring Δ36S with in situ techniques (i.e. SIMS and SHRIMP) the data set of Stage III is still in 
progress and scheduled to be obtained in August .  
Preliminary analyses from the Kundana gold district reveal that Stage I has Δ33S values within and 
outside the Mass Dependent Fraction Field, which means sulfur from this stage could have been derived 
from the mantle and from supracrustal rocks (i.e. volcanic and sedimentary rocks). 
When combined the Δ33S and Δ36S array display a scattered patter with a slope -0.2 and a linear 
correlation coefficient 0.12. The low correlation coefficient is likely the interplay between two combined 
patterns in our data set. 1) Data following the MIF-S array, as most sedimentary sulfides and sulfates of 
the Archean2) A vertical array which has been proposed as fractionation effect of the S 3- complex, stable 
under >300°C and >3 kbar  (cf. Selvaraja et al. 2017 and references there in). This Δ33S-Δ36S has been 
documented when δ34S fractionation is in excess of 30 ‰ where sulfur fractionation is caused by 
microorganisms is reduced sulfur rich conditions (e.g. Johnston 2007 and references therein). In our case 
there is a 21 ‰ absolute difference in δ34S from stage I, we speculate that such array could have been 
derived from redox reactions (i.e. sulfate thermochemical reduction) during hydrothermal sulfur 
deposition. Alternatively, the vertical Δ33S-Δ36S array could also be explained by fractionation driven by 
the S 3- complex, stable under >300°C and >3 kbar, (cf. Selvaraja et al. 2017 and references there in). 
However, experimental and empirical constraints (fluid inclusions concentration of S and C) are still 
lacking. 
In contrast, stage II results in consistent values +Δ33S values outside the MDF-Field with a less wide 
spread (i.e. 19 ‰ absolute di fference) suggesting that the sulfur reservoir from the mineralization stage 
could have been derived from supracrustal rocks (i.e. sedimentary and vocaniclastic rocks) . Similarly, 
when using the Δ33S- Δ36S values most analyses sit within the MIF-array (except for the ones hosted in 
basaltic rocks, Fig. 6 ). The Δ33S- Δ36S array suggest that supracrustal sulfur is a considerable component 
in stage II, however, most analyses are spatially close to shale samples which could have contributed 
locally to some sulfur (before the mineralization event). Therefore, analyses from sulfides in equilibrium 
(e.g. planar contact) with gold are necessary to constrain the exact isotope signature from stage II. Stage 
III, has also a consistent +Δ33S signature although Δ36S values are still in progress to derive a more 
accurate interpretation regarding the sulfur origin of this hydrothermal stage .  
Scientific remarks 
Immobile elements (e.g. Ti, Th, Nb, Zr, La, Cr) accurately discriminate between rock types and when 
used in combination with semi-automated SEM analyses can distinguish key hydrothermal minerals 
associated to gold mineralization events from metamorphic or igneous mineral assemblages. Mineral 
volumes from TIMA are the first attempt to couple quantitative mineralogy with whole rock 
geochemistry in a spatial context. 
The association of Au with other metals (Ag, As, Sb, Bi, Te and W) is similar as in many other orogenic 
gold deposits studied in the Kalgoorlie terrane and worldwide (e.g. Goldfarb and Groves 2015). 
Although, the common association of anorthite and albite with gold suggest that fluids undergone 
higher temperatures when compared to other systems (e.g. Golden Mile deposit). Internally consistent 
191baro-thermometric data for the Kundana deposit is still lacking, although,  future geobarotmetry and 
geothermometry with different minerals will allow to constrain P-T-X conditions (e.g. As in Arsenopyrite, 
Fe in sphalerite, Al in hornblende, F in biotite-apatite).    
The current δ34S, Δ33S and Δ36S array of data (Fig. 5, red dotted lines) is the result of an interplay 
between mantle sulfur (SO 2, δ34S= +14 ‰ and Δ33S= -0.04 ‰), MIF seawater sulfate (SO 4, δ34S= -1 ‰, 
Δ33S= -0.5 ‰) and MIF elemental sulfur (S 8, δ34S= +2 ‰ and Δ33S= +1.8 ‰) . Where MIF elemental sulfur 
may have played a pivotal role during mineralization (stage II). The processes responsible for the spread 
in δ34S, in a Mass Dependent Fractionation fashion, is yet to be investigated under rigorous petrographic 
constraints.  
References 
Barnes SJ, Van Kranendonk M, Sonntag I (2012) Geochemistry and tectonic setting of basalts from the Eastern 
Goldfields Superterrane Australian Journal of Earth Sciences 59:707-735 
Bath AB, Godefroy-Rodríguez M, Manners C, Birchall R (2017) Mineral mapping of the Hornet to Millenium domain 
within the Kununa Gold Camp Minerals Research Institute of Western Australia, Perth 
Farquhar J, Bao H, Thiemens M (2000) Atmospheric influence of Earth's earliest sulfur cycle Science 289:756- 758 
doi:10.1126/science.289.5480.756 
Goldfarb RJ, Groves DI (2015) Orogenic gold: Common or evolving fluid and metal sources through time Lithos 
233:2- 26 
Hayman PC et al. (2015) Evolution of a ∼ 2.7 Ga large igneous province: A volcanological, geochemical and 
geochronological study of the Agnew Greenstone Belt, and new regional correlations for the Kalgoorlie 
Terrane (Yilgarn Craton, Western Australia) Precambrian Research 270:334-368 
Johnston DT, Farquhar J, Canfield DE (2007) Sulfur isotope insights into microbial sulfate reduction: When 
microbes meet models Geochimica et Cosmochimica Acta 71:3929-3947 
Nichols, I (2015), Hydrothermal alteration, mineralogy and zonation in the orogenic Frog’s Leg gold deposit, Yilgarn 
Craton, Western Australia. MSc. Thesis, UWA.  
Said N, Kerrich R (2010) Elemental and Nd-isotope systematics of the Upper Basalt Unit, 2.7 Ga Kambalda 
Sequence: Quantitative modeling of progressive crustal contamination of plume asthenosphere Chemical 
Geology 273:193-211 
Selvaraja V, Caruso S, Fiorentini ML, LaFlamme CK, Bui TH (2017) Atmospheric sulfur in the Orogenic Gold Deposits 
of the Archean Yilgarn Craton Geology 45:691-694 doi:10.1130/G39018.1 
Tripp GI (2013) Stratigraphy and Structure in the Neoarchaean of the Kalgoorlie district, Australia: Critical Controls 
on Greenstone-hosted Gold Deposits. PhD Thesis. James Cook University 
Walshe JL, Bath AB, Cloutier J, Hough RM (2014) High grade Au deposits: Processes to prediction vol 1. Geological 
Survey of Western Australia, Perth 
 
 
  
 
192 
A multiple  sulfur isotope  survey  in the Yilgarn  Craton  implies  crustal  scale control s on the source of 
hydrothermal  fluids  
The first publication  on hydrothermal  sulfides from  Archean  gold  deposits , published  by Xue et al. (2013) , 
prompted  a drive  to investigate  the sulfur (and  metal)  source  of orogenic  gold . The multiple  sulfur isotope  
of sulfides was employed  as a proxy  to probe  the fluid  reservoirs  of Archean  deposits . The Δ33S signature  
of minerals  is an indelible  tracer  that is apparent  in the Archean  sedimentary  record  (Fig. 1a; ref.). Thus,  
Δ33S≠ 0 per mill signif ies an interaction  with  the atmosphere , despite  further  geological  reworking , such  as 
metamorphism,  melting , or alteration  (e.g.  Cabra l et al., 2013 ). Conversely , a Δ33S signature  of 0 per mill,  
within  the limits  of analytical  uncertainty  (i.e. ±0.2; Farquhar  and Wing , 2005),  indicates  that sulfur is 
derived  from  a mantle  reservoir  and has not interacted  with  the atmosphere  (Farquhar  and Wing , 2005 ). 
The latter  is evident  from  the sedimentary  record , where  surficial  sulfur is fixated  in the geologic  record  
(Fig.  1a).  
Ultimately,  mixing  two sulfur reservoir s is the only  known  process  of modify ing the Δ33S signature  
(Farquhar  and Wing , 2005 ; Selvaraja  et al., 2017 ). Therefore,  a 0 per mill signature  can also signify  a mix 
of two reservoirs  with  negative  and positive  Δ33S values.  The Archean  records  a positive  bias in Δ33S 
values , making a mixing product of 0 a rather unlikely scenario . For example,  at 2500  Ma, the most  
positive  Δ33S values  attain  up to 12 per mill, whereas  negative  Δ33S values  are as low as -5 per mill (Fig. 
1a). 
Recent  work  focus ing on hydrothermal  sulfides’  associat ion with  gold  has found  that both  the δ34S and 
Δ33S signature s have  normal  distribution , with  relatively  small  standard  deviations  (e.g.  >3.7  per mill on 
δ34S for 35 deposits  and n= 1488  analyses ; Fig. 1b and 1c). Overall,  the δ34S signature  of all the data  
compiled  ranges  from  -12.6  to +23.51  per mill, with  an average  of +1.0 per mill. Conversely,  the Δ33S data  
ranges  from  -1.18  to +2.14  per mill, with  a mean  of +0.3 per mill (Fig. 1c). The average  Δ33S value  for 
hydrothermal  deposits  is close  to the analytical  threshold  of 0±0.2 per mill (Fig. 1c), thus  resulting  in an 
ambiguous  interpretation  on the sulfur source  and reignit ing debate  about  the sulfur reservoir  of 
orogenic  gold  deposits . Some  authors  support  a model  of mantle -derived  fluids , while  others  argu e for a 
crustal  source  (e.g. Godefroy -Rodriguez  et al., 2018; Selvaraja  et al., 2017 ).  
This report  present s new  multiple  sulfur isotope  data  that has been  acquired  during  the M494  project,  
some  of which  has highly  positive  and anomalous  Δ33S values  of gold -related  sulfides. Exceptional  values  
are reported  for the Kundana  Camp,  the Excelsior , and the Wattle  Dam  deposits . The sulfides are spatially  
associated  with  shales  and greywackes  and are inter -bedded  within  green  stone  belts  (Fig.  1B). Data  from  
sulfides in the Excelsior  and Wattle  Dam  deposits , as well as the Kundana  Camp , display  positive  Δ33S 
values , with  an average  of +0.8,  +1.8 , and +0.6  per mill, respectively  (Fig.  1D). On the other hand , analyses  
of Mt. Magnet  are close  to absolute  zero  and its associated  analytical  uncertainty  (Fig.  1D). The positive  
Δ33S values  recorded  in the Excelsior  and Wattle  Dam  deposits , and the Kundana  Camp , are the largest  
currently reported  for orogenic  gold  deposits  in the Yilgarn  Craton  (see Fig. 1C and 1D). They are also 
markedly  different  from  previous  results.  This suggest s that sulfur in these  deposits  was sourced  locally  
and mobil ized from  sedimentary  units  during  metamorphism .  
 
193 
Figure 1 Multiple sulfur isotope data compilation from the global sedimentary record and gold deposits of the 
Yilgarn Craton  A Compilation sedimentary record Δ33S analyses from the Archean to the present, from Selvaraja et 
al. (2017). Analyses colored in blue and purple correspond with samples before and after the great oxidation event, 
whereas the shapes that are indicated are sulfide or sulfate, which was anal yzed (c. 2450 Ga; Farquhar and Wing, 
2005). B Map of greenstone belts distribution and formation ages, including the Tectonic boundaries of the Yilgarn 
Craton. Modified from Witt et al. (2017). Granite and gneiss units are undifferentiated. Each marked loc ation 
corresponds to gold deposits with available multiple sulfur isotope data on sulfides. C δ34S and Δ33S data compilation 
of hydrothermal sulfides from 35 Archean gold deposits in the Yilgarn Craton (n=1488). The grey area indicates the 
field of Mass De pendent Fractionation (0 ± 0.2 per mill; Farquhar and Wing, 2005). D δ34S and Δ33S data was 
acquired during the M494 , MRIWA project.  
Sulfide was deposited  in three  stages  as mostly sulfides with minor amounts of sulfates . Stages I, II, and III  
correspond  to pre-, syn-, and post -gold  hydrothermal  events,  respectively  (Godefroy -Rodriguez  et al., 
n.d.). Ore related  sulfides of Stage  II are associated  with  steep  and low-angle  quartz -carbonate  veins  that 
control  gold  mineral ization at Kundana  (Fig.  2a). Interestingly,  the preliminary  results  on reveal  a spatial  
correlation  between  high  gold  concentrations  and negative  δ34S values  in the Pegasus  deposit  and Papa  
Bear  prospect  (Fig.  2b and 2c). Specifically, v alues  higher  than  0.1 ppm  Au are spatially  related  δ34S values  
of less than  -1 per mill in the Pegasus  deposit  and the Papa  Bear  prospect  (Figs.  2b and 2c). The Δ33S 
values  also distribute  according  to location,  where  values  within  the range of  0 ± 0.2 per mill are 
dominant  at Papa  Bear  and Δ33S values  higher  +0.2  per mill are distributed  throughout  Pegasus  (Fig. 2d). 
The negative  δ34S values in Papa  Bear  and Pegasus  suggest  the presence  of oxidized fluid  pathways,  which 
are structurally  restricted  in Pegasus  and wide ly spread  in Papa  Bear  (Figs. 2c and 2d). Conversely , the 
Δ33S signature  of sulfides from  the Pegasus  deposit  is strongly  positive  (Fig.  2d and inset),  which  indicate s 
that it is likely that sulfur was derived  from sedimentary  rocks  that were  interlayered  in the volcano -
194sedimentary  sequence  at Kundana.  In contrast,  the sulfides present  at Papa  Bear  have  Δ33S values  within  
the range of 0 ± 0.2 per mill, which  suggests a mantle -derived  reservoir  of fluids.   
 
 
Figure 2 Spatial distribution of geochemical data A Geological/structural cross section of Pegasus and Papa Bear. B 
Gold contents from whole rock geochemical analyses and statistical distribution of colored values(inset). C Averages 
values of δ34S measured in situ  by ion probe methods (SHRIMP and SIMS, Godefroy -Rodriguez, n.d.). The histogram 
displays the color coding and data variation. D Averages values of Δ33S measured in situ  by ion probe methods. The 
histogram displays the color coding and data variation.  
Two distinct  multiple  sulfur isotope  signatures  are observed  at Kundana, which  imply  that two fluid  
reservoirs  were  actively  involved  in the mineral ization process  (Fig.  1c and 2d). The consistently  positive  
Δ33S values  reveal s that sulfur within  the Pegasus  deposit  was sourced  from  sedimentary  sequences  (i.e. 
the Black  Flag Group  and Centenary  Shale ; Fig. 2a). It is also evident  that t he fluid  conditions  were 
195dominantly reduced,  as indicated  by positive  δ34S values  (Fig. 2c) and pyrrhotite  bearing  assemblages  (Fig.  
3a, 3d, and 3f). Conversely,  the Δ33S values , which  are close  to zero , suggest  a mantle  reservoir  for sulfur 
in the Papa  Bear  prospect  under  oxidizing  conditions . Negative  δ34S values  (Figs.  2c and 2d) and pyrite -
anhydrite  assemblages  (Figs.  3c and 3g) reinforce this assertion . This constitutes the first recording of 
such contrasting  multiple  sulfur isotope  signature s in one single  deposit  in the Yilgarn  Craton . 
Furthermore,  such  positive  Δ33S values  have not yet been recorded . Therefore,  it can be argued  that the 
Δ33S signature  of hydrothermal  sulfides is a proxy  for the depth  of the fluid  source , which is  largely  
controlled  by the crustal  architecture  responsible to channel hydrothermal fluids . Thus , the Δ33S values  
that are close  to zero  in hydrothermal  sulfides reflect  a regional , deep -mantle  fluid  source  as opposed to 
positive  Δ33S values  (i.e. >+0.5  per mill)  which imply  a shallower  crustal , perhaps local, sulfur reservoir .  
 
Figure 3 Photo plates and 2 mm drilled samples used for in-situ sulfur isotope analyses. A Sample of steep K2 vein of 
stage II, sample PEGRSD17055 -204.8. B Basalt sample crosscut by carbonate -pyrite veins of stage I, sample 
PEGRSD18019 -57.15A. C Metasandstone sampl es crosscut by veins stage I veins of pyrite - carbonate -sulfate, sample 
PBDD17108 -347.5. D TIMA -SEM map displaying in -situ δ34S values on pyrrhotite, sample PEGRES17055 -204.8. F 
TIMA -SEM map displaying in -situ δ34S values on pyrrhotite and pyrite, PEGRSD18 019-57.15A. G TIMA -SEM map 
displaying in -situ δ34S values on pyrite next to anhydrite, PBDD17108 -347.5.  
 
 
196 
References  
Cabral RA et al. (2013) Anomalous sulphur isotopes in plume lavas reveal deep mantle storage of Archaean crust 
Nature 496:490 -493 doi:10.1 038/nature12020  
Farquhar J, Wing BA (2005) The terrestrial record of stable sulphur isotopes: a review of the implications for 
evolution of Earth’s sulphur cycle Geological Society, London, Special Publications 248:167 -177 
doi:10.1144/GSL.SP.2005.248.01.09  
Godefroy -Rodríguez M, Hagemann S, LaFlamme C, Fiorentini ML (2018) The multiple sulphur isotope architecture of 
the Golden Mile deposit, Western Australia Mineralium Deposita doi:10.1007/s00126 -018-0828 -y 
LaFlamme CK et al. (2018) Multiple sulfur isotopes  monitor fluid evolution of an Archean orogenic gold deposit 
Geochimica et Cosmochimica Acta:436 -446 doi:10.1016/j.gca.2017.11.003  
Selvaraja V, Caruso S, Fiorentini ML, LaFlamme CK, Bui TH (2017) Atmospheric sulfur in the Orogenic Gold Deposits 
of the Arch ean Yilgarn Craton Geology 45:691 -694 doi:10.1130/G39018.1  
Thébaud N et al. (2018) Protracted and polyphased gold mineralisation in the Agnew District (Yilgarn Craton, 
Western Australia) Precambrian Research 310:291 -304 doi:10.1016/j.precamres.2018.02.013  
Wang R et al. (2017) White mica as a hyperspectral tool in exploration for the Sunrise Dam and Kanowna Belle Gold 
deposits, Western Australia Economic Geology 112:1153 -1176  
Witt WK, Cassidy KF, Lu Y, Hagemann S (2017) The tectonic setting and evolution of the 2.7 Ga Kalgoorlie -Kurnalpi 
Rift, a world -class Archean gold province Mineralium Deposita doi:10.1007/s00126 -017-0778 -9 
Xue Y, Campbell I, Ireland TR, Holden P, Armstrong R (2013) No mass -independent sulfur isotope fractionation in 
auriferous fluids sup ports a magmatic origin for Archean gold deposits Geology 41:791 -794 doi:10.1130/G34186.1  
 
197 
 
Alteration Zonation and 
Structural Controls on Gold 
Systems in the Yamarna Te rrane, 
Yilgarn Craton, W.A.  
 
Adam B. Bath, John Miller, John L. Walshe, Renee Birchall, Katie Woodall and Tina Shelton  
 
 
  
Australia’s National  
Science Agency  
198Mineral Resources  
Citation  
Bath  A.B., Miller J.M., Walshe J.L., Birchall R., Woodall K. and Shelton T.D.  (2019 ). Alteration 
Zonation and Structural Controls on Gold Systems in the Yamarna Terrane, Yilgarn Craton, W.A ., 
MRIWA 494 Final Report.  
Copyright  
© Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation 20 19. To the extent permitted 
by law, all rights are reserved and no part of this publication covered by copyright may be 
reproduced or copied in any form or by any means except with the written permission of CSIRO.  
Important disclaimer  
CSIRO advises that the information contained in this publication comprises general statements 
based on scientific research. The reader is advised and needs to be aware that such information 
may be incomplete or unable to be used in any  specific situation. No reliance or actions must 
therefore be made on that information without seeking prior expert professional, scientific and 
technical advice. To the extent permitted by law, CSIRO (including its employees and consultants) 
excludes all liability to any person for any consequences, including but not limited to all losses, 
damages, costs, expenses and any other compensation, arising directly or indirectly from using this 
publication (in part or in whole) and any information or material con tained in it.  
CSIRO i s committed to providing web accessible content wherever possible. If you are having 
difficulties with accessing this document please contact  csiroenquiries@csir o.au . 
199Alteration Zonation and Structural 
Controls on Gold Systems in the 
Yamarna Terrane, Yilgarn Craton, W.A. 
Adam B. Bath, John Miller, John Walshe, Renee Birchall, Katie Woodall and Tina Shelton 
Part 1: E xecutive Summary ( Strutural An alysis of p rospects fro m the 
North Ya marna)  
This structural analysis focuses on drill hole logging from four areas in the Yamarna 
Greenstone belt as part of the MRIWA 494 research project.  The logging focussed on the 
Corkwood prospect in the northern part of the Yamarna Belt, the Central Bore deposit and the 
Alaric and Attila deposits.  Whilst the dominant host rock type in all of the deposits and 
prospects s tudied are sediments, t here are thr ee dramatically di fferent styles of mineralisation  
observe
d in the  areas assessed. Whilst not ubiquitous, all of the prospects have some low 
200angle
 veins indicating supralithostatic fluid pressures existed during the structural evolution.  
The deposit styles are summarised below.  
Central
 Bore mineralisation is marked by a narrow steep ly dipping brittle fault with 
very localised high gold grades on the structure. The dominant infill in the fault is carbonate 
(contrasting with the dominant quartz in the other areas studied) with brecciation of the wall rock.  Low angle veins around and within the lodes are consistent with reverse movement. The interpretation is that Central bore reflects lower temperature deformation and mineralisation compared to the other deposits and prospects studied. The inferred kinematics linked to gold was ENE- WSW compression. 
Corkwood s
tyle mineralisation is associated with a single clearly defined N -S 
trending discrete shear with strong evidence for non- coaxial shearing, localisation of strain 
along felsic intrusions also appears to be a control on some of the gold grade.  High grade footwall mineralisation with abundant arsenopyrite and silica replacement of the foliation is located on NNW-trending foliation zones which is interpreted to have been reactivated and/or reflect fluid flow along this foliation. Low a ngle veins are interpreted to reflect reverse 
movement sense linked to mineralisation.  The apparent dextral offset in the tilt derivative of the magnetics ( Figure 9a) is interpreted to reflect an apparent offset d uring reverse 
movement.  The inferred kinematics linked to gold at Corkwood was ENE- WSW to E -W 
compression.  The evidence for reverse movement on steep shears and extensive arsenopyrite makes the structural style similar to the Smokebush prospect much further south (although Smokebush is located in a mafic sequence of basalt and dolerite). Whilst Central Bore also has evidence for reverse movement linked to mineralisation the structural style is brittle and 
201is in
terpreted to be a much lower temperature syst em compared to Corkwood.  Major thermal 
gradient would need to have existed in the belt for Corkwood and Central Bore to have 
formed synchronously, or later vertical movement created a gradient post mineralisation. 
 Attila-Alaric style mineralisation  is marked by a lack of evidence for non coaxial shearing 
and preferential replacement of specific layering within the sediments and also a dominant 
lack of quartz associated with the elevated gold grades.  More than one layer appears to have undergone replacement resulting in multiple parallel layers of elevated gold grades.  The effect of dip changes on gold grade was not constrained. The mineralisation is associated with a low angle lineation, this contrasts with both the Central Bore and Corkwood styles of mineralisation.  The Attila -Alaric style may reflect formation linked to strike -slip behaviour 
with Attila potentially located on a strike change that focussed dilational or contractional behaviour. However, the dominant mode of deformation appears to be coa xial flattening with 
a dominant horizontal stretching.  The inferred kinematics linked to gold at Attila -Alaric was 
ENE-WSW shortening and NNW-SSE directed extension. The difference in the observed 
strain ellipsoid may reflect deformation partitioning with in the Yamarna belt that caused a 
change to a strike- slip strain ellipsoid (Attila -Alaric) from a compressional strain ellipsoid 
(Corkwood and Smokebush). 
 
 
202Part 2: Executive Summary ( Alteration Patterns within the Yamarna 
Terrane)  
Here we documented in det ail results from alteration mapping work conducted at the 
Corkwood prospect and the Gruyere deposit in order to identify key alteration assemblages 
and zonation patterns. We note 3 main stages of alteration at Corkwood comprise s of stage 1a 
alteration in intermediate to felsic sedimentary rocks is defined by quartz -hornblende-
andesine- magnetite . An early stage 1b albite- quartz +/- muscovite alteration  overprinted by 
stage 2a andesine-quartz- biotite-amphibole and in places shows a strong foliation. S tage 2a 
andesine is accompanied by  Fe-rich minerals grunerite-magnetite -pyrite (skarn assemblages)  
and is quartz-destructive, overprinting folded quartz veins. Footwall s tage 2b anorthite-
quartz-biotite-pyrrhotite  and hangingwall  2c albite-quartz-pyrite-muscovite +/ - biotite is 
overprinted by stage 2d calcite -chlorite-titanite-pyrrhotite -chalcopyrite- arsenopyrite +/ - 
biotite, thought to occur with gold mineralisation. The titanite, biotite  and K-feldspar formed 
during stage 2d appears to favour high temperatures within the 460° to 490°C range.  
Gold mineralization at the 6.2 Moz Gruyere Deposit is hosted by narrow (<250 
meters wide) steeply west -dipping albitised granitoid intrusion(s) that strike towards the 
NNW. Mineralization is best developed within domains of stage 3b albite- calcite-chamosite -
pyrrhotite -pyrite ± arsenopyrite alteration that dips moderately to th e south (~25°) in the 
central area of the Main Zone. These domains are surrounded by weaker mineralis ed albite-
calcite-chamosite -pyrite ± barite domains. Mineralis ation and associated stage 3b alteration 
post-dates a NNW -striking fabric defined by the alig nment of biotite and muscovite that 
formed during stage 2a biotite -oligoclase -albite-quartz alteration and stage 2b albite -quartz-
muscovite ± biotite -magnetite with notable reddening of feldspars. Complex relationships 
203occur be
tween sulfides and arsenides at the time of stage 3b alteration, with pyrrhotite 
overgrown by arsenopyrite and arsenopyrite overgrown by pyrite in individual albite- calcite-
chamosite veins.  At Gruyere stage 2a alteration (and deformation) is inferred to have formed 
with upper temperature range of 400°C, based on the biotite- apatite thermometer . Analysis of 
34S/32S ratios from stage 3b pyrite and pyrrhotite demonstrates isotopically heavy δ34S-VCDT 
fluid source relative to a mantle reservoir (i.e. 0 ± 2 ‰) at the time of mineralisation, with 
many sulfides having δ34S-VCDT values between +3.0 and +4.0 ‰. Individual stage 3b 
pyrites grains contain δ34S-VCDT values ranging from +0.9 to +9.6 ‰, supporting evidence 
for in situ reduction of oxidised S at the time of stage 3b alteration and gold mineralisation.  
Broader As and biotite domains are identified around Gruyere, with a notable 
grunerite domain in mafic rocks from the hangingwall for up t o 700 meters eastward of the 
deposit and thought to be related to gold-stage stage 3b alteration . This alteration appears 
consistent with the breakdown of Ca-amphibole to form grunerite during CO 2 metasomatism. 
Similar reactions are seen in the footwall at C orkwood and around ore zones at Smokebush. 
Other Ca phases such as apatite breakdown to form monazite and xenotime within or close to the ore zones and are shown to be useful for terr ane-scale detection of alteration footprints. 
Numerous grunerite and phosphate zones were dete cted within the South Yamar na and in the 
area between Attila and Gruyere. Many of these zones occur along notable camp- to terrane -
scale regional As trends.  
 
      
204 
  
Contents  
PART 1: EXECUTIVE SU MMARY ( STRUTURAL ANALYSIS O F PROSPECTS FROM THE  NORTH 
YAMARNA)  .......................................................................................................................................................... 1  
PART 2: EXECUTIVE SU MMARY ( ALTERATION PATTERNS WITHIN THE YAMARNA 
TERRANE)  ........................................................................................................................................................... 4  
INTRODUCTION  ................................................................................................................................................ 7  
PART 1: STRUTURAL AN ALYSIS OF PROSPECTS FROM THE NORTH YAMARNA  ..................... 10 
INTRODUCTION  .............................................................................................................................................. 10 
USE OF PXRF DATA  ........................................................................................................................................ 10 
STRUCTURAL CONTROLS AT CORKWOOD  ........................................................................................... 12 
ATTILA, ALARIC AND CENTRAL BORE  ................................................................................................... 28 
COMPARISON OF STRUCTURAL STYLE S ............................................................................................... 39 
PART 2: ALTERATION PATTERNS WITHIN THE Y AMARNA TERRANE  ......................................... 42 
INTRODUCTION  .............................................................................................................................................. 42 
CORKWOOD  ..................................................................................................................................................... 44 
Paragenesis  ....................................................................................................................................... 47 
ALTERATION ZONATION AT CORKWOOD  ............................................................................................ 57 
Sulfides and sulfate  ........................................................................................................................... 57 
Feldspar  ............................................................................................................................................. 61 
Mica ................................................................................................................................................... 62 
Titanium Phases  ................................................................................................................................ 65 
Phosphates  ........................................................................................................................................ 67 
Grunerite  ........................................................................................................................................... 69 
Summary of Zoning at Corkwood  ..................................................................................................... 71 
Comments of Temperature and XCO2 Constraints at Corkwood  ..................................................... 72 
ALTERATION ZONATION AT GRYUERE  ................................................................................................. 74 
Geology  ............................................................................................................................................. 74 
Alteration and Mineralization ........................................................................................................... 77 
Paragenesis  ................................................................................................................................... 77 
Sulfides and Sulfates  ..................................................................................................................... 84 
Feld
spar and Epidote Group  ......................................................................................................... 88 
Mica  ............................................................................................................................................... 89 
Titanium phases  ............................................................................................................................ 94 
205Phosphates  .................................................................................................................................... 98 
Grunerite  ..................................................................................................................................... 101 
Summary of Zoning at Gruyere  ....................................................................................................... 104 
Comments of Temperature Constraints at Gruyere  ....................................................................... 105 
DISCUSSION  .................................................................................................................................................... 106 
Gold mineralising systems in the Yamarna  ..................................................................................... 106 
Grunerite zones in the Yamarna ..................................................................................................... 110 
Alteration between Attila -Alaric, Central Bore and Gruyere  .......................................................... 110 
CONCLUSIONS  ............................................................................................................................................... 116 
REFERENCES  ................................................................................................................................................. 118 
LIST OF FIGURES  .......................................................................................................................................... 119 
 
 
 Introduct ion 
The Yilgarn craton, one of the world’s most well-endowed cratons, has a resource of 
>250 Moz of Au ( Goldfarb et al., 2005) with approximately half of this resource occurring in 
the Kalgoorlie Terrane. Other terranes within the Yilgarn Craton share simi lar lithological, 
structural and chronological characteristics to the Kalgoorlie Terrane, but either do not appear 
to be as well -endowed in gold, or are largely underexplored. The northeastern- most terrane of 
the Yilgarn Craton, known as the Yamarna Terrane, is underexplored due to poor-outcrop, deep weathering profiles, thick Permian cover and a lack of historical mineral discoveries (Pawley et al., 2012). The discovery of the world-class 6.2 Moz Gruyere granitoid-hosted 
gold deposit in 2013 by Gold Road Resources within the Dorothy Hill Greenstone Belt of the 
206Yamarn
a Terrane confirm the potential of this terrane to host world- class gold systems. This 
study is broken into two parts, that aim to better understand the structural evolution of 
deposits and pros pects in the terrane as well as understand the alteration history and 
expression . 
 Part 1 focuses on structural controls of prospects from the Northern Yamarna (i.e. 
Corkwood, Alaric, Attlia and Central Bore). S tructural analysis focuses on drill hole logg ing 
from four areas in the Yamarna Greenstone belt  by John Miller ( Figure 1).   
Part 2 of the report covers alteration in the context of the geology. We focus on 2 
main areas with respect to the alteration mapping. Those areas  include Corkwood (sediment-
hosted; Yamarna Shear Zone) in the north and  Gruyere (granitoid- hosted; Dorothy Hills 
Shear Zone). Other areas  Smokebush, Gilmore, Attila, Alaric , Central Bore  and the broader 
Yamarna Terrane were also investigated  in the context temporal and spatial zonation patterns 
identified within Corkwood and Gruyere ( Figure 1). Previous studies have focuses on 
alteration at Gruyere (Bath and Walshe, 2014; Osbourne et al., 2017) and Smokebush (Bath et al., 2015). Temporal and spatial zoning patterns are also investigate in light of these studies. A lteration mineral mapping w as conducted with the aid of the Tescan Integrated 
Mineral Analyser (TIMA) scanning electron microscope (SEM) to precisely detect and/or analyse major and minor minerals that can be too small or difficult to be identified by 
conventional logging and conventional petrographic studies. This method produced detailed mosaics of samples, allowing textural and mineralogical inf ormation to be investigate on 
individual samples. In order to map at the camp-scale, we employed this method on material from diamond drill holes (DDH), reverse circulation (RC), air core (AC) and RAB drilling. 
207 
Figure 1 Location of deposits and prospects in the Yamarna Belt.  Figure is from a Gold Road Resources ASX 
Announcement 27 April 2018 “Quarterly Report For the period ending 31 March 2018”.  
 
208Part 1 : Strutural Analysis of prospects from the North Yamarna  
Introduction  
 
This structural analysis focuses on drill hole logging from four areas in the Yamarna 
Greenstone belt as part of the MRIWA 494 research project.  The logging focussed on the 
Corkwood prospect in the northern part of the Yamarna Belt, the Central Bore deposit and the Alaric and Attila deposits ( Figure 1).  The report describes these areas in two separate 
sections.   
 
 
Use of pXRF data 
The pXRF database in the Gold Road dril hole data base was used to map the rock 
types via lithogeochemistry.  We employed a Zr*50 – Cr*10 – Ti ternary plot, similar to that 
of Walshe et al., (2014) ( Figure 2) to divide ultramafic, mafic, intermediate and felsic rock 
types. Ti, Cr and Zr are considered reliable from the pXRF (e.g., Walshe et al., 2014) and 
form the basis for dividing primary rock types in many studies of Archean greenstones. Thorium, which also is commonly used to distinguish mafic rock types from the Eastern Goldfields Superterrane (e.g . Barnes et al ., 2012), is not reliable from the pXRF for rocks 
with less than 5 ppm.   
The Zr*50 – Cr*10 – Ti ternary diagram has been used to help distinguish the main 
209volcani
c rocks, including felsic and intermediate rocks ( Figure 3). This work was primarily 
focussed on the Corkwood prospect area ( Figure 1). The rocks have been sub -divided into 
ultramafic rocks, Cr -rich mafic rocks, intermediate Cr mafics, Low Cr mafics, Cr poor 
mafics, Low Zr mafics, intermediate rocks, low Cr intermediate rocks, felsic rocks and Zr 
rich felsic rocks ( Figure 3).  
 
 
Figure 2 Zr*50 – Cr*10 – Ti ternary diagram and the classification scheme of Walshe et al (2014), data is from the St Ives 
gold field at Kambalda.  
 
210 
Figure 3 Zr*50 – Cr*10 – Ti ternary diagram of pXRF data in the Gold Road data base. Analyses are colour coded by rock 
types. 
 
 
Structural  controls at Corkwood  
The Corkwood Prospect is located in the northern- most region of the Yarmarna belt 
within a narrow NNW-trending 5 kilometre wide zone of intercalated units located between 
regional granitoids ( Figure 1, Figure 4). Assessment of diamond core and pXRF data on RC 
chips and diamond core highlighted a variation from west to east of the dominant units in the area (Figure 4c).  The western units are dominated by mafic stratigraphy with occasional 
porphyritic felsic intrusive units ( Figure 5), intermediate units occur more frequently further 
east (Figure 6). Conglomerate units with felsic clasts occur in one interval marked by a high 
response in the tilt derivative ( Figure 7). The eastern units have a mix of mafic to 
211inter
mediate rocks and also highly porphyritic felsic units that correlate with highs in the tilt 
derivative of the magnetic data ( Figure 4c).  The rocks have a dominant NNW-trending 
foliation that is sub -parallel to layering that dominantly dips  steeply to the west ( Figure 9) – 
the porphyritic felsic intrusive contacts are sub -parallel to this structural trend ( Figure 9d).  
There are also a set of discrete N -S trending structural trends, one is located within the 
distinct conglomerate bearing units ( Figure 7, Figure 9), the other is located in the eastern 
region with the highest gol d assays in the study area.  One of these N -S trends is interpreted 
to project to an apparent dextral offset in the magnetics ( Figure 9). These N -S trending zones 
also dip steeply to the west.   
The main gold miner alisation is located in the eastern region assessed in the study 
(drill holes 17CWDD0015, 17CWDD0016 and 17CWDD0018 were logged in detail; Figure 
4). The mineralisation is associated with a distinct N -S trending W-dipping structure with low 
to moderate gold grades.  This N-S structure could be mapped with both gold grade ( Figure 
10a) and by a change in structural orientation that could be identified in section and plan (Figure 11, Figure 12).  The N- S trending shear occurs within the felsic, intermediate and 
mafic units ( Figure 10b). Several very high grade zones occur in the footwall of this N- S 
trending structure and are located within a NNW -trending structural zone ( Figure 11c). 
212 
Figure 4 Corkwood prospect. (a) Geological map highlighting the prospect is located in a thin 5km wedge of stratigraphy 
between two granitoids (pink units). Geological map is the PGN map sheet. (b) Tilt derivative of magnetics (same area as 
(a)). (c) Expanded view of tilt derivative of magnetics with rock typ es assigned from pXRF data. Area is marked by yellow 
triangle in (a) and (b). Drill holes structurally logged are highlighted.  
 
213 
 
 
Figure 5 Stratigraphy within drill hole 17CWDD0020. (a) Plan view of tilt derivative of magnetics w ith drill holes and 
pXRF rock types. (b) Detail of hole 17CWDD0020.  (c) Representative rock types 17CWDD0020.  
 
214 
Figure 6 Stratigraphy within drill hole 17CWDD0021. (a) Plan view of tilt derivative of magnetics with drill holes an d 
pXRF rock types. (b) Detail of hole 17CWDD0021.  (c) Representative rock types 17CWDD0021.  
 
215 
Figure 7 Stratigraphy within drill hole 17CWDD0022. (a) Plan view of tilt derivative of magnetics with drill holes and 
pXRF rock types.  (b) Detail of hole 17CWDD0022.  (c) Representative rock types 17CWDD0022.  
 
 
216 
Figure 8  Representative rock types in drill hole 17CWDD0015.  
217 
Figure 9 Foliation data collected from the Corkwood prospect area. Blue dashed lines are dominant foliation trends, red 
dashed lines are inferred shears. Disks are coloured by azimuth (red = N -S) (a) Tilt derivative with structural data. (b) Tilt 
derivative with structural data. (c) Cross section with structural data – note W-dip. (d) Stereonets of poles to foliation. Red 
dotes are felsic intrusive contacts. (e) Foliation in felsic intrusive unit and sediments.  
218 
Figure 10 Section through Corkwood. Drill holes marked on Figure 9 (a) Gold assay with N -trending she ar marked. (b) 
Rock types showing location of the N-S trending shear. 
219 
Figure 11 Section through Corkwood. Drill holes marked on Figure 9 (a) Foliation data over gold assays with  N-trending 
shear marked. (b) Detail highlighting low grade Au along shear and high grade gold interval. (c) Foliation data 
highlighting N -S trending shear and high grade gold occurring with NW -trending foliation. 
220 
 
Figure 12 Map view of Corkwood (a) Gold grade. (b) Gold grade with foliation data. Foliation disks are coloured by 
azimuth (red = N -S trends).  
 
 
  
221In dr
ill core the NW -trending foliation is associated with an early stage of isoclinal 
folding that has a steep dipping lineation and low angle veins associated with foliation 
boudinage indicative of vertical stretching ( Figure 13). Late stage low angle crenulation 
lineations are also common ( Figure 13). 
In drill core the N -S trending shear is associated with low to moderate gold grades 
within the mafic to felsic units with quartz veins localising on the contacts of the porphyritic felsic units. It was not clear if the N -S trending foliation in the shear represented a second 
fabric or a reorientation of the NNW -trending foliation into the shear.  The felsic units within 
this N-S trending shear have low angle veins arrays and also steeply dipping shears with 
reverse movement kinematics ( Figure 14). The high grade gold in the footwall of the shear 
has extensive quartz and sulphide replacement of the NNW-trending foliation and steep dipping reverse shears with arsenopyrite and base metals  also occur in this interval ( Figure 
15). 
The structural interpretation is that the initial phase of deformation was associated 
with the development of the strong NNW- trending foliation and the steep mineral lineation 
(Figure 13).  The main stage of gold ( Figure 16) is interpreted to be associated with the 
development of a N-S trending shear with low to moderate grade focussing along rheology contrasts along this shear (e.g. the contacts with the porphyritic felsic intrusions with the fault). The ultra high grade gold is inferred to be linked to localised sporadic failure of the NNW-trending foliation in the faults footwall ( Figure 16). The grade controlling N- S 
trending shear has an inferred dextral offset of the stratigraphy ( Figure 9), however the low 
angle veins and reverse shears ( Figure 14) suggest dominantly reverse movement and the 
dextral offset may be apparent. The low angle crenulation lineations ( Figure 13d) may be 
coeval with the gold stage. 
222 
 
Figure 13 Deformation fabrics at Corkwood. (a) Early fold hinges. (b) Low angle tension veins (vein marked by yellow 
dashed line). (c) Steep lineation. Black line highlights ellipses defining lineation. (d) Late low angle crenulation lineation.  
223 
 
 
Figure 14 N- S trending shear and associated grade in drill hole 17CWDD0015.  (a) Mineralisation within Low Cr amfic 
units and porphyritic felsic units.  Note vein on contact between the units. (b) Low angle vein within felsic unit. (c) Reverse 
shear within mineralised felsic unit.  
 
224 
Figure 15 High grade interval in footwall of N -S trending shear in hole 17C WDD00015.  (a) Examples of mineralised 
interval. (b) Detail of high grade interval along NW -trending foliation. Sulphides are arsenopyrite. (c) Reverse shear with 
arsenopyrite on high grade interval. (d) Base metals (Galena and Sphalerite) with arsenopyrite.  
 
225 
Figure 16 Schematic plan view model for Corkwood gold mineralisati on. 
  
226Attila, Alaric and Central Bore  
The Attila and Alaric deposits are located on a distinct NNW -trending stratigraphy 
corridor in the magnetics (defined by “tram track” patterns in the tilt derivative of the 
magnetics), with a strike change occurring near the Attila deposit.  This corridor of sediments has gold anomalism along it’s entire length (from Attila to Alaric; Figure 17) Central Bore is 
located to the east of this corridor ( Figure 17). The host rocks to Attila and Alaric are a 
sequence of sediments ( Figure 18) that have a large range in magnetic responses with 
occasional mafic units.  The style of mineralisation at Attila and Alaric commonly grades 0.5 
to 10 g/t and is associated with replacement of the foliation/ layering. The mineralisation is notable for a lack of either greater quartz veining or marked strain increases around the mineralisation ( Figure 19, Figure 20), higher levels of carbonate alteration are marked by 
greater bleaching around the lodes ( Figure 19). Whilst some quartz veining occurs ( Figure 
20) it doesn’t correlate with the elevated gold grades. Non -coaxial shearing was also not 
observed. The mineralisation is associated with carbonate, white mica, chlorite and pyrite within the lodes.  There is a consistently developed low angle lineation ( Figure 21), which is 
commonly associated with elongate sulphides and ore stage mineralogy (note that intersection lineations are also prominent in drill core).  I n section the foliation and 
mineralisation dips steeply to the east ( Figure 22, Figure 23) with evidence for systematic dip 
changes at Attila ( Figure 23). In both deposits the gold grade occurs as a series of discrete 
zones parallel to the enveloping foliation / layering surface (this is very prominent in the Attila section; Figure 23). 
The Central Bore deposit occurs within a steeply to vertical dipping set of sediments 
Figure 24, Figure 25). The gold is localised into a discrete steeply dipping brittle fault 
227struc
ture (dominant W-dip; Figure 24). The gold grade is localised within a discrete brittle 
fault with extensive carbonate veining (some grades are greater than 200 g/t) ( Figure 26), 
with much lower grades in the surrounding wall rocks. Some of the mineralised interval 
contains fault breccias. In the drill holes assessed this discrete fault was between 1 metre to 15 centres wide ( Figure 26, Figure 27).  Kinematic analysis of low angle carbonate veins 
indicate there was a reverse movement sense on the fault, most likely linked to ENE- WSW 
shortening ( Figure 27). 
228 
 
Figure 17 Location of Alaric, Attila and Central Bore over lain on a tilt derivative of the magnetics. See Figure 1 for 
regional location. Note oblique grid is the mine grid which is 18 degrees from magnetic north. All sections are in mine grid.  
 
229 
Figure 18 Rock types within the Attila and Alaric deposits.  
 
230 
Figure 19 Dominant style of mineralisation at Attila and Alaric. Drill hole 16ATDD0011  (Attila). Large red text is gold 
grade, smaller red text are metre intervals.   
 
 
231 
Figure 20 Dominant style of mineralisation at Attila and Alaric. Drill hole 17ALDD0011 (Alaric). Note lack of quartz 
veining near higher gold grades. Two quartz veins are highlighted, one near 102.2 m has minor sulphides adjacent to it.   
232 
Figure 21 Low angle mineral and stretching lineations at Alaric and Attila. This is a mix of a mica mineral lineation, 
elongate sulphides (top left) and aligned clasts (bottom right). Stereonet readings are magnetic north.  
233 
 
 
Figure 22 Sections through Alaric with stereonet of foliation/ layering. (a) Gold grade. Dashed line is the dominant trend of 
layering. (b) Structural readings taken of foliation/ layering. Stereonet readings are magnetic north.  
  
234 
Figure 23 Sections through Attila with stereonet of foliation/ layering. (Top) Gold grade. Dashed line is the dominant trend 
of layering. (Bottom) Structural readings taken of foliation/ layering. Stereonet readings are magnetic north.  
235 
Figure 24 Structural data and sections through Central Bore. (Top) Foliation/ layering and gold grade. (Bottom) Gold 
grade above 10  g/t. Stereonet readings are magnetic north.  
236 
 
Figure 25 Dominant rock types at Central Bore.  
 
 
 
 
Figure 26 High grade mineralisation on main lode at at Central Bore. Hole 12CBDD0046.  
 
237 
Figure 27  Kinematic analysis of gold mineralisation on main lode at Central Bore. Hole 12CBDD0047.  
 
 
Comparison of structural styles 
Whilst the dominant host rock type in all of the deposits and prospects studied are 
sediments, there are three dra matically different styles of mineralisation observed in the areas 
238asse
ssed. Whilst not ubiquitous, all of the prospects have some low angle veins indicating 
supralithostatic fluid pressures existed during the structural evolution (Cox et al., 1991, 
1995).  The deposit styles are summarised below.  
 
Central Bore mineralisation is marked by a narrow steeply dipping brittle fault with 
very localised high gold grades on the structure. The dominant infill in the fault is carbonate (contrasting with the dominant quartz in the other areas studied) with brecciation of the wall 
rock.  Low angle veins around and within the lodes are consistent with reverse movement. The interpretation is that Central bore reflects lower temperature deformation and mineralisation compa red to the other deposits and prospects studied. The inferred kinematics 
linked to gold was ENE-WSW compression. 
 
Corkwood style mineralisation is associated with a single clearly defined N -S 
trending discrete shear with strong evidence for non- coaxial shearing, localisation of strain 
along felsic intrusions also appears to be a control on some of the gold grade.  High grade 
footwall mineralisation with abundant arsenopyrite and silica replacement of the foliation is located on NNW-trending foliation zones which is interpreted to have been reactivated and/or reflect fluid flow along this foliation. Low angle veins are interpreted to reflect reverse movement sense linked to mineralisation.  The apparent dextral offset in the tilt derivative of the magnetics ( Figure 9a) is interpreted to reflect an apparent offset during reverse 
movement.  The inferred kinematics linked to gold at Corkwood was ENE- WSW to E -W 
compression.  The evidence for reverse movement on steep shear s and extensive arsenopyrite 
makes the structural style similar to the Smokebush prospect much further south (although Smokebush is located in a mafic sequence of basalt and dolerite). Whilst Central Bore also 
239has evi
dence for reverse movement linked to mi neralisation the structural style is brittle and 
is interpreted to be a much lower temperature system compared to Corkwood.  Major thermal 
gradient would need to have existed in the belt for Corkwood and Central Bore to have formed synchronously, or later vertical movement created a gradient post mineralisation.  
 
Attila-Alaric style mineralisation  is marked by a lack of evidence for non coaxial 
shearing and preferential replacement of specific layering within the sediments and also a dominant lack of quartz associated with the elevated gold grades.  More than one layer appears to have undergone replacement resulting in multiple parallel layers of elevated gold grades.  The effect of dip changes on gold grade was not constrained. The mineralisation is associated with a low angle lineation, this contrasts with both the Central Bore and Corkwood styles of mineralisation.  The Attila -Alaric style may reflect formation linked to strike -slip 
behaviour with Attila potentially located on a strike change that focussed dilational or contractional behaviour. However, the dominant mode of deformation appears to be coaxial flattening with a dominant horizontal stretching.  The inferred kinematics linked to gold at Attila-Alaric was ENE -WSW shortening and NNW- SSE directed extension. The difference 
in the observed strain ellipsoid may reflect deformation partitioning within the Yamarna belt that caused a change to a strike- slip strain ellipsoid (Attila -Alaric) from a compressional 
strain ellipsoid (Corkwood and Smokebush). 
 
240Part 2 : Alteration Patterns within the Yamarna Terrane  
Introduction  
A significant amount of drilling has been carried out over an area of approximately 
6000 km2 by Gold Road Resources and their JV partners (Gold Fields and previously 
Sumitomo) within the Y amarna Terrane. Routine bottom of the hole assays and multi-
element geochemistry has been collected by Gold Road Resources and their JV partners, and 
these data have been used to explore for gold mineralisation and look for alteration footprints associated  with gold mineralisation to identify key areas. Gold mineralisation and broader As 
trends are identified from the geochemistry  (Figure 28). These As trends follow structural 
trends that can be identified at the terrane -scale and are far more widespread than the zones of 
economic Au mineralisation. The  As halos form part of a larger alteration footprint that 
highlights the major gold bearing structures. Similar tends are identified within the Kundana and Carbine Au c amps, and the broader Kalgoorlie area (e.g., Scott Halley unpublished data). 
However, As halos are a function of fluid chemistry, and therefore do not always form clear 
patterns with gold mineralisation (e.g., 6.2 Moz Au Gruyere has a relatively narrow As 
footprint; Figure 28). Reduced conditions favour the deposition of As and therefore systems 
that form in relatively oxidised settings may show different types of alteration trends. Elements such are Mo, Bi and W are often associated with gold mineralisation in oxidised settings (e.g., Neumayr et al., 2008). Oxidised settings may have subtle As halo as seen in systems like the East Repulse deposit at the St Ives Au camp (e.g. Bath et al., 2013 and Gregory et al., 2016). Hence other tools are required to navigate the alteration footprint. 
241Thes
e tools may be a combination of mineral data, textural information  and whole rock 
geochemistry.  Here we investigate the northern Yamarna and parts of the south Yamarna 
with respect  to mineral zoning around deposits and prospects. 
 
Figure 28 Whole rock As (ppm) values from the Yamarna Terrane (data provided by Gold Road Resources).  
242Corkwood 
The Corkwood prospect occurs within the Ibanez area in  mafic to fels ic sedimentary 
packages that contain mafic interflow volcanics ( Figure 28 and Figure 29). Whole rock As 
values are greater than 15 ppm in sediments and arsenopyrite is well -developed within ore 
shoots (Figure 15). However most zones with As whole rock values above 15 ppm do not 
correspond with Au mineralisation across the Ibane z area (Figure 29). Notable As zones 
occur in sedimentary rocks, whereas much of the gold mineralisation occurs along contacts 
between sediments and mafic volcanics.  Hence lithological and structural controls are 
important for Au mineralisation, but these do not appear to relate to wider As anomalies . 
Magnetite-rich units labelled banded iron formation appear to correspond with higher As 
values in this area .  
The common notion that Au deposits represent wider As anomalies has limited value 
in exploring and understanding gold systems. More precise data set are required to explore 
and understand. One of the key data-set required to understand a mineral system is the paragenesis. Here we document the paragenesis for Corkwood and then look to explore and understand the alteration footprint in light of timing re lationships. As shown below As halos 
appear to hold very little relationship with the mineral zonation patterns at Corkwood. In contrast, sulfides, sulfates, feldspars, micas and amphiboles appear to hold more robust clues as to the size and nature of the alteration footprint related to gold mineralisation.  
243 
Figure 29 Geological Map of the Ibanez area with whole rock As(ppm) values. Note that granitoids are presented as 'white'. 
Note that As values do not correspond with Au values. Map modified from Kreuzer (2017) and As data provided by Gold 
Road Resources . 
244 
Figure 30 Geological Map of the Ibanez area with whole rock A u (ppm) values. Note that granitoids are presented as 
'white'. Note that A u values do not correspond with A s values. Map modified from Kreuzer (2017) and A u data provided by 
Gold Road Resources.  
245Paragenesis  
Alteration paragenesis at Corkwood comprises of stage 1a hornblende- actinolite-
quartz-andesine and ilmenite in mafic rocks . Stage 1a alteration in intermediate to felsic 
sedimentary rocks is defined by quartz-hornblende- andesine- magnetite  (Figure 31). An early 
stage 1b albite -quartz +/- muscovite alteration event is seen in parts. Stage 1b albite-qua rtz 
+/- muscovite alteration is overprinted by stage 2a andesine- quartz-biotite-amphibole and in 
places shows a strong foliation ( Figure 31, Figure 32 and Figure 33). In some areas  stage 2a 
andesine is accompanied by  Fe-rich minerals grunerite-magnetite -pyrite (skarn assemblages)  
and appears to be quartz-destructive, overprinting folded quartz veins ( Figure 33 and Figure 
34). Stage 2a alteration is overprinted by stage 2b anorthite-quartz- biotite-pyrrhotite , which 
also shows a strong foliation ( Figure 31). Stage 2c albite-quartz- pyrite-muscovite +/ - biotite 
overprints stage 2a andesine . Stage 2c albite -quartz-pyrite-muscovite alteration has 
overprinted a strong foliation in the se rocks. 
 
Figure 31 paragenetic diagram for the Corkwood prospect.  
246 
Quart
z from stage 2b and 2c alteration is partly replaced by stage 2d K- feldspar-
biotite-titanite-pyrite or stage 2d calcite- chlorite-titanite-pyrrhotite -chalcopyrite -arsenopyrite 
+/- galena veins with strong K- feldspar selvages (Figure 35, Figure 36 and Figure 37). 
Mineralised lodes are associated with strong arsenopyrite mineralisation , and appear to occur 
during stage 2d alteration, which is a quartz -dissolution event.  
Thin (3mm) s tage 3a albite-titanite and 3b clinozoisite veins cross- cut the strong 
foliation. Stage 3b clinozoisite also selectively replaces stage 2 Ca -plagioclase in the rock 
matrix. Late stage 4 veins of andesine-hornblende +/- muscovite cross- cut stage 3b 
clinozoisite -albite (Figure 38).  
Although gold was not identified from the TIMA mineral maps, gold mineralisation 
appears to coincide with stage 2b anorthite- pyrrhotite alteration based on the spatial and 
timing relationships of this event. In particular , there is a strong spatial relationship between 
pyrrhotite alteration and gold mineralisation (see below).  As shown in Figure 15, high- grade 
shoots can also be associated with arsenopyrite and base metals.  Stage 2d veins that contain 
arsenopyrite, base metals and overprint the dominant fabric in the rock and may form part of 
that high-grade mineral event.     
 
247 
Figure 32 False coloured TIMA mineral map and rock photo showing the stage 1a andesine -quartz-hornblende overprinted 
by stage 2b anorthite -quartz-biotite-pyrrhotite from Corkwood. Rock type is intermediate volcaniclastic.  
248 
Figure 33 False coloured TIMA mineral map and rock photo of intermediate granophyric from Corkwood. Rock shows 
evidence stage 1b albite -muscovite-quartz -magnetite altertera tion overprinted by stage 2a andesine -quartz-biotite-titanite. 
Stage 2a alteration is cross -cut by thin stage 3a albite veins that show titanite alteration.  
 
249 
Figure 34 False coloured TIMA mineral map and rock photo of Fe-rich intermediate volcaniclastic. Rock shows stage 1b 
albite-quartz alteration overprinted by stage 2a andesine -biotite-grunerite -magnetite -pyrite. Stage 2a alteration shows 
evidence of Fe-metasomatism.  
 
250 
Figure 35 False coloured TIMA mineral map and rock photo of intermediate volcaniclastics from Corkwood. Shows 
evidence of Stage 2a andesine -quartz-hornblende -grunerite -biotite altertation.  
 
 
251 
Figure 36 False coloured TIMA mineral map and rock photo of intermediate granophyric from Corkwood. Rock shows 
evidence stage 2c albite -quartz-muscovite alteration overprinted by stage 2d K -feldspar alteration. Note that K -feldspar 
alteration selectively replaces quartz. Rock type is intermediate granophyr e. 
252 
 
Figure 37 False coloured TIMA mineral map and rock photo of intermediate vol caniclastic from Corkwood. Intermediate 
volcaniclastic rock that shows stage 2b andesine -quartz-pyrrhotite -pyrite-titanite overprinted by stage 2d K -feldspar-biotite-
titanite-pyrite 
253 
Figure 38 False coloured TIMA mineral map and rock photo of intermediate vol caniclastic from Corkwood. Intermediate 
volcaniclastic that shows evidence of stage 2a ande sine-quartz and stage 2c albite -muscovite alterat ion overprinted by 
'quartz destructive’ stage 2d K -feldspar-calcite-chlorite-chalcopyrite alteration.   
254 
 
Figure 39 False coloured TIMA mineral map and rock photo of intermediate granophyric volvaniclastic from Corkwood. 
Intermdia te volcaniclastic that shows evidence of stage 2a andesine -quartz-grunerite alteration overprinted by stage 3b 
clinozoisite. These assemblages are cross-cut by late stage 4 hornblende -andesine veins.  
255Alteration Zonation at Corkwood  
Sulfides and sulfate  
Corkwood is characterised by a narrow arsenopyrite zone, which coincides with the 
mineralised lode and appears related to Stage 2d K -feldspar- calcite alteration  (Figure 38). 
Arsenopyrite in RC hole 17CWRC0035 (west of the main mineralised shear zone) also 
contains arsenopyrite and appears to be related stage 2a alteration.  At the broader scale (1km 
x 1km) high  arsenic values  occurs with Fe-rich units which may have in part formed during 
stage 2a (skarn) alteration  (Figure 29 and Figure 30).  
With respect to sulfides at Corkwood, pyrrhotite, which mostly relates to stage 2b and 
2d alteration ( Figure 31), spatially an d temporally appears important with respect to gold 
mineralisation ( Figure 40 and Figure 41). A broader pyrite zone overlaps with the 
arsenopyrite and pyrrhotite zones ( Figure 41). The pyrite zone extends from the footwall into 
the hangingwall. It is mainly related to stage 2 alteration assemblages.   
An anhydrite- pyrite domain occurs in the hangingwall immediately above the main 
shear zone, noted to have a N-S orientation ( Figure 41). The anhydrite in the hangingwall is 
related to stage 2c albite -biotite alteration and small inclusions of anhydrite were identified in 
biotite. Thus Stage 2c alteration is part of an oxidised alteration event, with anhydrite -pyrite 
stable close to fO2 condition close to the H 2S-SO42- buffer. Stage 2b and stage 2d alteration 
are relatively  reduced with pyrrhotite +/ - pyrite +/ - arsenopyrite. Gold mineralisation 
occurred under relatively reduced pyrrhotite +/ - pyrite +/ - arsenopyrite conditions. 
256 
Figure 40  Section through Corkwood. Drill holes marked on Figure 9 (a) Gold assay with N -trending shear marked. (b) 
Rock types showing location of th e N-S trending shear . 
 
257 
Figure 41 Map and cross-section of the Corkwood prospect showing rock types (see above for legend on rock types) and 
modal abundance of pyrrhotite in the rock. Much of the mineralisation occurs in the footwall of the main fault (thick black 
line) and this coincides with high (>0.08 modal %) pyrrhotite. Geological map modified from Kreuzer (2017).  
258 
 
Figure 42 Cross-sections for sulfides and sulfate for the Corkwood prospect (6949000mN). Much of the mineralisation 
occurs in the footwall of the major fault (see above). The arsenopyrite halo is very small compared to the mineralised zone. 
Pyrrhotite (above) shows the best spatial relationship with mineralisation. Hangingwall contains ars enopyrite 
mineralisation in with the granophyric rock.  
259Feldspar  
Stage 2c pyrite-anhydrite is linked to albite -biotite alteration  (Figure 31). Here we 
show that the spatial distribution of albite is similar to that of anhydrite in the immediate 
hanging wall of the lode as they are paragenetically linked.  Hence much of the albite  within 
200 meters of the mineralised zones i s part of the stage 2c oxidation event that mainly altered 
an intermediate granophyre unit . Albite alteration that exists outboard of the anhydrite 
domain is likely related to the  stage 1b alteration event. T he identification of albite with 
pyrite and anhydrite appears to be an indication of stage 2c alteration  along the studied cross -
section at Corkwood ( Figure 42 and Figure 43). 
Andesine occurs across much of the cross -section and  is mainly  related to stage 1a or 
2a alteration. As with  the albite -anhydrite-pyrite linked to stage 2c alteration, one of the most 
effective ways to test spatially for stage 2a alteration is to look for domains with andesine-
pyrite-pyrrhotite or andesine- magnetite -grunerite (skarn). Stage 2a g runerite with andesine 
and magnetite  occurring  in the footwall of the prospect  indicating deeper skarn style stage 2a 
alteration  (Figure 38 and Figure 41). Stage 2a andesine-quartz- pyrite-pyrrhotite domains are 
more central to the lode and immediate adjacent wall rocks  (Figure 43).     
 Anorthite associated with stage 2b alteration  occurs with mafic units  that are 
comparatively enriched in Ca compared to their felsic and intermediate counterparts.  There 
are notable stage 2b alteration zones in the footwall and hanging wall of the Corkwood 
prospect ( Figure 43). These anorthite zones occur outside of an inner titanite domain and 
overlap with ilmenite domain ( see below). These zones may reflect high temperature reduced 
domains of alteration.    
 K- feldspar occu rs with stage 2d alteration and is well-developed around the main N- S 
shear zone that hosts mineralisation  (Figure 44). Stage 2d alteration is associated with the 
260repla
cement of quartz ( Figure 36); however there was no evidence that stage 2d altered 
domains were notably quartz-poor at the prospect- scale. Titanite, which occurs with stage 2a, 
2c and 2d alteration assemblages at Corkwood, is  notably enriched in areas that contai n K-
feldspar and biotite ( Figure 44). This may indicate relatively hot conditions at the time of 
stage 2d alteration  (see below) .   
 In numerous gold systems anorthite zones tend to be calcite-poor with the Ca held in 
the feldspar and/or calcic amphibole. In contrast albite altered  domains can sometimes  show 
high levels of calcite enrichment with Ca being freed -up from feldspar and being available 
for the carbonate mineral during alteration. Within and around the lode at Corkwood al l 
feldspar zones are carbonate-poor, which may also reflect hot conditions for Archean gold 
systems.  
Mica  
 Biotite occurs with all stage 2 alteration assemblages. At the prospect- scale biotite is 
developed around the mineralised lodes, including both the hangingwall and the footwall. Air core and RC holes away from the main N-S shear zone contain less than 3 percent biotite, whereas diamond hole 17CWDD0016 and 17CWDD0015, which intersects the lode, contains numerous intervals with greater than 9 volume per cent biotite  (Figure 45). Biotite is both 
spatially and temporally important with respect to gold mineralisation at Corkwood  (Figure 
44). 
 Muscovite and phengite (low concentrations <1 volume percent) occur in rocks peripheral to 
the main lode. At the scale of the cross-section muscovite and phengite occur broadly and do 
not appear to be an effective guide to mineralisation ( Figure 45). Muscovite is associated with 
stage 1b, stage 2a and stage 4 alteration and therefore has a broad temporal history. From an 
exploration perspective biotite is associated with other stage 2 alteration minerals and appears 
261an ef
fective mineral to map with tracking rock proximal to mineralised lodes at Cor kwood 
(Figure 44). 
 
Figure 43 Cross-sections for plagioclase (albite, andesine and anorthite)  for the Corkwood prospect (6949000mN). Much of 
the mineralisation occurs in the footwall of the major fault (se e above). The notable albite domain occurs with intermediate 
granophyre, whereas andersine is well developed in intermediate volcaniclasitcs. Local anorthite zones occur with mafic 
units, but appears to be related to stage 2b alteration. 
262 
Figure 44 Cross-sections of K-feldspar, Calcite and Biotite abundance  for the Corkwood prospect (6949000mN). Much of 
the mineralisation occurs in the footwall of the major fault (see above).  There is a notable K -feldspar domains that overlaps 
with the mineralised zone and into the hangingwall (within the granophyric unit). This K -feldspar event is largely related to 
the stage 2d alteration. There is a lack of calcite alteration with the mineralised areas. Biotite in contrast appears to for m a 
notable halo into the footwall and hanging wall of the Corkwood prospect.  
263 
Figure 45 Cross-sections of muscovite abundance  for the Corkwood prospect (6949000mN). Much of the mineralisation 
occurs in the footwall of the major fault (see  above). Muscovite is widely distributed and abundance of muscovite does not 
show a strong relationship with mineralisation.  
 
Titanium Phases  
 Titanite occurs with stage 2a, 2c and 2d alteration and spatially is a key part of the of 
the alteration footprint. Titanite is relatively enriched around the main N -S shear and within 
the mineralised zones ( Figure 46). In contrast  ilmenite and rutile are the dominant phases in 
the footwall and hangingwall of the deposit ( Figure 46). Titanite is abundant in the lower half 
of 17CWRC0039 to the east of the main lode, yet this area is not associated with any notable Au mineralisation  to the east of Corkwood. Sedimentary rocks in 17CWRC0039 do not show 
evidence of significant stage 2c albite nor stage 2d K -feldspar, suggesting that key alteration 
assemblages seen in the lode are lacking in 17CWRC0039, which occurs some 200 meters west of the mineralised zone at Corkwood.     
264 
Figure 46 Cross-section of ilmenite, titanite and rutile abundance  for the Corkwood prospect (6949000mN). Much of the 
mineralisation occurs in the footwall of the major fault (see above)  and coincides with titanite domains. Rutile and ilmenite 
appear more abundant in peripheral  domains to mineralisation.  
 
265 
Phosphates  
 Phosphates are widespread in mineral systems and occur within a number of key rock 
types. Common rock forming phosphates include apatite ( Ca5(PO4)3F), monazite ((LREE) 
(PO4) and xenotime Y (PO4). In Archean gold systems, and particularly in Ca-poor felsic 
rocks, Ca is liberated during alteration and made available for calcite, dolomite  and/or 
plagioclase. In Ca-poor rocks, Ca from apatite is liberated and the phosphate may complex with LREE and Y to form alteration phases such as monazite and xenotime at the time of 
alteration , as shown by example reaction (1): 
Ca
5(PO4)3F + 5H2CO3- + (LREE)Cl 3 = (LREE)(PO 4) + 5CaCO 3 + 3HCl + 7H+   (1) 
  However r eaction (1) is not universal in Archean gold systems as it is controlled  by 
host rock Ca content, temperature of fluids and dependent on stability of calcite [which scavenges  Ca from precursor minerals ]. This style of reaction is common and important in 
the ore zone at Gruyere (see below), but due to the limited stability of c arbonate at Corkwood 
appears of limited value at the broader scale. One way to test for the replacement of apatite 
by monazite/xenotime is to look at (monazite+xenotime):(apatite) ratios. Within the Ibanez area, Corkwood has zones with high (monazite+xenot ime):(apatite) ratios (>0.3) as does an 
area along the contact between mafics and intermediate volcaniclastics in the southwest.  As 
shown in Figure 30 high gold values also correspond with ( monazite+xenotime):(apatite) 
ratios >0.3 in the southwest of the Ibanez area ( Figure 47). Thus using the 
(monazite+xenotime):(apatite) in Ca -poor felsic/intermediate rocks (and in some Ca-bearing 
mafic rocks) may be used to help identify fluid pathways at the braoder scal e.   
266 
 
Figure 47 Geological Map of the Ibanez area with TIMA mineral values of (monazite+xenotime):(apatite) ratios . Note that 
granitoids are presented as 'white'.  Map modified from Kreuzer (2017) . 
 
 
 
267Grunerite  
 
Grunerite occurs as a replacement of Ca -amphibole with rims of actinolite and 
hornblende altered to grunerite. As with the phosphate minerals, the replacement of Ca-
bearing phases with Ca- poor phases may be part of reactions that liberate Ca from Ca- bearing 
minerals for ca rbonates and feldspar minerals at the time of alteration. A possible reaction of 
ferro-actinolite and CO 2 bearing fluid reacting to grunerite can be summerised as:  
Ca2Fe5(Si8O22)(OH)2  + 2H2CO3- + FeCl 2  =  Fe7(Si8O22)(OH)2 + 2CaCO 3 + 2HCl  (2) 
However, unlike the phosphate minerals reaction (2) does not appear to occur close to lode, 
but is a peripheral alteration assemblage. Unlike at Gruyere (see below) this reaction does not appear to occur during the crystallisation of calcite. Further modelling is req uired to better 
understand the temperatures, pressures and XCO
2 of fluids related to this type of alteration 
event. 
Grunerite is part of stage 2a alteration and is well-developed in parts of the footwall at 
Corkwood. Grunerite is mapped as part of stage 2a alteration along with assemblage of 
magnetite and andesine ( Figure 34). This assemblage appears to be part of a deeper skarn 
assemblage at Corkwood that occurs peripheral to the mineralised zones. Grunerite is identified in mafic rocks to the west of Corkwood ( Figure 48) but is not detected in mafic 
rocks to the in the south- western area of the Ibanez area.  
 
  
268 
Figure 48 Map and cross -section of the Corkwood prospect showing rock types (see above for legend on rock types) and 
modal abundance of grunerite in the rock. Much of the mineralisation occurs in the footwall of the main fault (thick black 
line) and grunerite occurs in the footwall and to the east of Corkwood in altered inte rmediate volcaniclastics. Geological 
map modified from Kreuzer (2017).  
 
 
269 Summary of Zoning at Corkwood  
  
A summary of zoning at Corkwood is presented in Figure 49. Those zoning patterns 
relate to an oxidised alteration assemblage in the hangingwall containing minerals such as 
anhydrite and pyrite. The lode zone sits within a pyrrhotite  and K-feldspar domain with local 
arsenopyrite and calcite. The footwall contains notable pyrite, grunerite and magnetite domains. Biotite and K-feldspar occur within the hangingwall and lode zone. Biotite also forms part of the alteration assemblages in the footwall.  
 
 
Figure 49 Summary of the general zonation patterns at Corkwood.  
 
 
270Comments of Temperature an d XCO2 C onstraints  at Corkwood  
  
Stage 2a and 2b alteration assemb lages are mainly associated with ilmenite with some 
zones containing rutile and ilmenite. Titanite appears to be less well developed with these 
alteration assemblages. Walshe et al. ( this volume) generated a series of phase diagrams that 
explore the stability of ilmenite -rutile-titanite under variable temperatures , mole fraction of 
CO2 conditions and aH 2S at 2 kbars. One of the limitations  with applying these diagrams  at 
Corkwood is that they  assume quartz, calcite and pyrrhotite all to be stable. In many cases 
calcite is not in excess  with stage 2a and 2b assemblages , which limits the application of this 
modelling . The lack of calcite may reflect lower levels of Ca in the fluids than modelled  by 
Walshe et al (this volume). One effect of this would be to shrink the inferred stability fields 
of Ca-phases on the phase diagrams under otherwise equivalent conditions. Hence the 
stability range of titanite and anorthite may be less than inferred here . Whilst calcite is not 
abundant at Corkwood it is important to point out that other carbonate phases are rarer. Hence ankerite and siderite stability fields on the diagram reflect conditions that were uncommon at Corkwood, particularly at the time of miner alisation. These general patterns, the occurrence 
of stage 2d  titanite with biotite , chlorite and K- feldspar, and the local occurrence of calcite 
during stage 2 alteration point to temperature of 460 to 490°C and XCO
2 of 0.4 to 0.7 at 
Corkwood at the time of mineralisation (Figure 38 and Figure 50).  
271 
Figure 50 Thermodynamic model to estimate possible T and XCO2 conditions for select mineral phases in the presence of 
excess qu artz, calcite and pyrrhotite. Corkwood contains assemblages of titanite -K-feldspar -biotite-calcite-pyrrhotite at the 
time of mineralisation ( Figure 38). Assuming the system is close to quartz saturation then ‘blue’ ellipsoid highli ghts possible 
T and XCO 2 conditions at the time of mineralisation at Corkwood. Temperature range of 460 to 490 °C and XCO 2 conditions 
of 0.4 to 0.7 (although assumes a quartz saturation) . Green represents inferred range for Gruyere based off mineral 
assemblages and upper temperature estimates from stage 2a biotite -apatite Modified from Walshe et al. (this volume).    
Upper temperature range  of Biotite -Apatite thermometry 
at Gruyere  Corkwood  
Gruyere  
272Alteration Zonation at Gryuere  
Geology  
The Gruyere deposit occurs within the Dorothy Hills greenstone belt and  is hosted by 
a strongly albite altered granitoid body that trends towards the north-northwest ( Figure 1). 
The granitoid is several kilometers in length and is less than 250 in width and discordantly 
cross-cuts intermediate volcaniclastics and metamorphosed basalts, which are steeply dipping 
towards the north and comprise mainly of hornblende, actinolite and andesine. The granitoid dips steeply towards the east and contacts between volcaniclastic and basalt rocks range from 
sharp undeformed intrusive contacts to deformed contacts, whe re biotite-altered 
volcaniclastic wall rocks show foliation developed during deformation along the contact. The albite altered granitoid body has been internally cross -cut by variably biotite- altered mafic 
dikes, which are steeply dipping and strike towards the north-northwest. Mafic dikes have an 
estimated  thickness of less than 2 or 3 meters and are traceable over dis tances of 200 meters.  
Granitoid  and mafic dikes show a strong foliation defined by the alignment of biotite 
and muscovite. The foliation appears to be sub- parallel to the intrusive contact between mafic 
dikes and granitoid. M ineralisation or notable pyrrhotite- pyrite ± arsenopyrite domains that 
coincide with higher grades of gold mineralization  are not significantly off- set. The deposit 
also coincides with notable As anomalies in the whole rock geochemistry ( Figure 51).   
Granitoids can contain  undeformed albite -altered stubby tabul ar feldspar crystals that 
are 2 to 4 millimeter in size and appear consistent with a  Ca-rich feldspa r precursor.  Other 
granitoids are highly deformed, which is defined by alignment of biotite, muscovite, chamosite, oligoclase ( Figure 51), as well as by  the alignment of albite and quartz (0.01 to 2 
mm thick ). Deformed quartz bands overgrow post- deformation chlorite or calcite veins 
273(Figur
e 51), indicating complex recrystallization of quartz which is not seen in adjacent albite 
bands. Granitoids have between 30 and 45 modal percent quartz, and appear consistent with a 
tonalite, gran odiorite or monzogranite protolith (depending on the initial plagioclase 
composition).   
 
 
Figure 51 Geological Map of the Gruyere deposit and surrounding geology with whole rock As values . Note that granitoids 
are presented as 'white'.  The Gruyere granitoid occurs roughly in the middle of the map within a As anomaly. Map modified 
from Kreuzer (2017) . 
 
274 
 
Figure 52 a. Stage 1 folded quartz vein that is cross-cut by Stage 2a biotite -muscovite altered granitoid from the North Zone. 
Post-deformation Stage 3c arsenopyrite overprints Stage 2a alteration. b. Stage 2a bands of biotite -feldspar highly deformed 
shear zones (foliation parallel to white arrow) t hat cross-cut the granitoid in the Main Zone. c. Stage 2b redden albite -
biotite-muscovite-magnetite altered granitoid that is cross -cut by calcite-biotite vein from the Main Zone. d. False-coloured 
TIMA mineral map of Stage 2b redden albite -biotite-muscovite-magnetite altered granitoid from the Main Zone. e. Stage 
3aquartz vein cross -cut by gold mineralization-Stage 3b chlorite -biotite-pyrite-pyrrhotite -calcite vein from the North Zone. f. 
Syn-gold mineralization Stage 3b pyrrhotite -pyrite-calcite vein that  cross-cuts a weak foliation in the granitoid defined by 
the alignment of biotite. This sample is from a higher -grade pyrrhotite -stable domain from the Main Zone. g. Coarse Stage 
3b pyrite vein cross -cut by a Stage 3c quartz vein that contains arsenopyrite  from the Main Zone. H. Stage 3c quartz vein 
crosscut by a late Stage 4 calcite vein from the Main Zone.  
275(Figur
e 51), indicating complex recrystallisation of quartz which is not seen in adjacent albite 
bands. Granitoids have between 30 and 45 modal percent quartz, and appear consistent with a 
tonalite, granodiorite or monzogranite protolith (depending on the initial plagioclase composition).   
 
Alteration and Mineralization  
Paragenesis  
Hydrothermal alteration occurs as incipient, pervasive or as veins that cross- cut 
granitoid host rocks and biotite-altered mafic dykes. Alteration can be divided into 4 main 
stages (Figure 53). These include stage 1 quartz ± albite vein  that are in some cases fo lded, 
off-set by brittle fractures or occur as boudinages ( Figure 52 ). Stage 1 veins are cross -cut by 
stage 2a albite-oligoclase -biotite-muscovite-K-feldspar alteration, which is coeval with the 
main north-northwest steeply dipping fabric that is sub -parallels the  orientation of the 
granitoid (Figure 52 ). Deformation is defined by the alignment bands (0.01 to 1 mm thick) of 
quartz, albite, oligoclase and/or mica that formed at the time of stage 2a quartz -biotite-albite-
oligoclase -calcite alteration ( Figure 52) or stage 2b alteration defined by assemblages of 
reddened albite-quartz-oligoclase -muscovite- biotite-magnetite  (Figure 51). Stage 2c biotite -
carbonate ± feldspar veins  (Figure 51) occurs subparallel to main foliation, and has cross- cut 
stage 2b alteration.  
Stage 3 alteration overprints the main north- northwest trending foliation  defined by 
stage 2 alteration assemblages . This stage of alteration includes stage 3a quartz ± arsenopyrite 
veins (Figure 52), which are overprinted by stage 3b assemblages of albite-biotite -chamosite -
Fe-sulfides-calcite ± arsenopyrite ± gold  (Figure 52 ), and occurs as veins or pervasive styles 
of alteration . Stage 3c arsenopyrite-quartz veins cross- cut stage 3b alteration  (Figure 52 ),  
276 
Figure 53 Paragenetic diagram for the Gruyere Deposit.  
 
indicating a later pulse of reduced As -rich fluids under quartz- saturated conditions. Late stage 
4 calcite veins cross -cut above alteration assemblages ( Figure 52). 
The alteration paragenesis at Gruyere shows high levels of complexity. Complex 
relationships occur between arsenides,  sulfides and barite at the time of stage 3b alteration 
(Figure 54). Stage 3b pyrrhotite is replaced  by stage 3b arsenopyrite, which is overgrown by 
stage 3b pyrite inside a single vein (Figure 54). In other cases, Stage 3b pyrite- chamosite -
biotite-calcite veins contain barite, demonstrating a wide range of S -bearing species at the 
time of stage 3b alteration ( Figure 54). Stage 3b alteration assemblages are quartz -poor, and 
have replaced quartz from the granitoid matrix ( Figure 54). Earlier formed stage 1 and stage 
3a quartz veins are also replaced by stage 3b calcite- albite-pyrrhotite -pyrite alteration ( Figure 
54).  Pervasive stage 3b albitisation of the granitoid has occurred in the area intersected by 
diamond drill hole 14GYDD0010 at 118.4 meters ( Figure 54, and no relict quartz remains in 
the rock matrix  (Figure 53). In this area the space between fine-grained (<1000µm) albite 
grains are infilled with calcite. Euhedral albite crystals line the wall surrounding the calcite,  
277 
Figure 54 a. Stage 3b albiti sed granitoid with pyrrhotite, arseonpyrite, pyrite, calcite and chamosite. There are complex  
relationships between Stage 3b sulfides and arsenides. Pyrrhotite is overgrown by arsenopyrite at the top right -hand 
corner of the image, whereas pyrite has overgrown arsenopyrite in the lower -central area of the image. b. Stage 3b vein  
with vein with pyrite -biotite-chlorite and calcite. Coarse -grained pyrites are overgrown by barite, which is shown in the  
false-coloured TIMA mineral map inserted at the bottom right -hand area of the image. These coarse -grained pyrites have 
δ34S-VCDT values between +1.4 and +1.52 ‰, and there does appear to be any  significant change in values where the 
pyrite is in contact with barite. c-d. Replacement of a Stage 3a quartz vein by Stage 3b calcite -pyrrhotite -pyrite at the time of 
gold mineralization from the Main Zone. Quartz replaced by albite occurs in the granitoid matrix around the calcite vein. e-
f. Pervasive Stage 3b albitisation- calcite-pyrrhotite -pyrite altered granitoid from the Main Zone. The false -coloured TIMA 
mineral map shown in ‘F’ is from the center of the blue circle in ‘ e’. The white arrow in ‘F’ points to the location of an 
albite grain with a euhedral crystal shape that occurs alongside calcite. It is possible that the euhedral albite grains had 
grown into open space that was later infilled with calcite.  
 
278which
 is consistent with albite growing in  open-spaced voids prior to calcite ( Figure 53). Free 
gold up to 5 micron meters in size was identified in stage 3b chlorite -calcite-pyrrhotite -
pyrite-barite veins. Gold-bearing assemblages overprint stage 3a quartz arsenopyrite veins 
that appear to have formed under extension where open spaces have been infilled by quartz 
and arsenides. Extensional veins appear to show no evidence of quartz dissolution at the time of stage 3b alteration; although quartz dissolution is evident in the adjacent vein wall selvages.  
Approximately 800 meters southwest of Gruyere diamond drill hole 17GY0338 
intersects a felsic conglomerate unit down to a depth of approximately 200 meters and intersects intermediate volcaniclastics  between 200 meters and E OH (~300m). The 
conglomerate unit appears to contain early formed garnet (stage 1) that contain pressure shadows ( Figure 54). These garnets are overprinted by assemblages of muscovite-quartz-
albite-pyrite, with muscovite bands forming sub- parallel to a strong deformation fabric.  
Within intermediate volcaniclastics muscovite -quartz-pyrite assemblage are often associated 
with andesine and/or oligoclase as opposed to albite, which is most common in the felsic units. The muscovite-quartz- albite/andesine- pyrite assemblage may be related to the pre-gold 
stage 2a alteration assemblage at Gruyere. A stage 2a  muscovite-quartz- albite-pyrite 
assemblage is cross -cut by a local biotite-chlorite-pyrrhotite event, which also contains a 
strong defor mation fabric and is also likely related to stage 2 alteration events  (Figure 55).  
There is a lack of evidence of stage 3 albitisation and replacement of quartz in 
17GY0338, which is a key feature of the Gruyere deposit at the time on mineralisation. This reaction may have improved the permeability of the granitic host rock and allowed large fluid fluxes to move through the rock at the time of mineralisation.  
  
279 
Figure 55 a-b. Stage 3a quartz -arsenopyrite  vein overprinted by Stage 3b pyrrhotite -pyrite-calcite-chamosite -gold from the  
Main Zone. False coloured TIMA mineral map shown in ‘ b’ shows fine inclusions (<5μm) of Stage 3b gold that occur with  
chamosite -calcite-barite-pyrite (black square box and insert in ‘ b’). 
 
Clinozoisite and /or epidote replacement of plagioclase and biotite appears after stage 
2 alteration and this reaction is either late or post -dates the foliation. Epidote and/or 
clinozoisite are best developed in intermediate volcaniclastics in DDH 17GY0338 (to the 
west of Gruyere), possibly related to the higher availability of Ca from the host rock (see below). This clinoz oisite-epidote assemblage is overprinted by vein sets of thin (<0.5mm) 
stringers of K -feldspar-albite-calcite +/- muscovite. These stringers cross-cut the strong 
deformation fabric in DDH 17GY0338 and in the immediate footwall of the Gruyere deposit. In the Gruyere deposit there are trace amounts of K -feldspar with stage 3b albite -calcite-
pyrrhotite and some of these distal K -feldspar-albite-calcite thin veins a potentially a distal 
manifestation of this type of alteration. Although less common these veins also occur in mafic rocks in the hanging wall and on the north-eastern side of the deposit. 
280There
 is one 2 meter wide interval in 17GYDD0338 that contain thick pyrite-quartz-
chlorite-sphalerite. This alteration event also appears to overprint the main foliation in the 
host rock and may be a relatively late event.    
 
Figure 56 False coloured TIMA mineral map and rock photo of felsic conglomerate rock from diamond drill hole 17GY0338 
(128.5m depth). Rock contains stage 1a almandine with quartz which is overprinted by stage 2a muscovite -albite-pyrite-
chlorite. 
281 
Figure 57 False coloured TIMA mineral map and rock photo of felsic conglomerate rock from diamond drill hole 17GY0338 
(184.4m depth). Rock contains stage 2a muscovite -albite-pyrite-chlorite which is overprinted by stage 2b biotite -pyrrhotite.  
282Sulfides and Sulfates  
 
 Pyrrhotite is linked to stage 3b alteration and formed at the time of gold 
mineralisation at Gruyere  (Figure 53). Samples  from the Gruyere deposit  contain greater than 
0.6 volume percent pyrrhotite within ore zones. Within the footwall and hanging wall of the 
Gruyere deposit rocks with greater than 0.2 volume percent pyrrhotite are uncommon ( Figure 
58). Rocks with greater than 0.6 volume percent pyrrhotite are identified in  conglomerate 
close to the contact with intermediate volc aniclastics ~800 meters southwest of the Gruyere 
deposit (DDH 17GY0338 _184.4m; Figure 57). At that location  pyrrhotite occurs with biotite -
chlorite, which overprints an earlier widespread  albite-quartz-muscovite assemblage. The 
pyrrhotite in these rocks is aligned with the dominant deformation fabric and appears to be with an assemblage that akin  to stage 2 b at Gruyere . Stage 3b  pyrrhotite  alteration, which is  
associated with mineralisation  at Gruyere, w as not identified in  DDH 17GY0338.  
 Pyrite at Gruyere occurs with stage 3 alteration assemblages , with relatively minor 
pyrite detected with stag e 2 alteration assemblage s. Within DDH 17GY0338, much of the 
pyrite occurs in the upper 200 meters of the hole within the conglomerate unit. Within the conglomerate,  pyrite is common ly associated with muscovite -quartz-albite and occur s with a 
strong foliation consistent with a  deformation fabric ( Figure 56). The generation of the 
muscovite-quartz- albite assemblage  could be related to either stage 2b or an earlier phase of 
alteration not detected in the highly altered wallrocks at Gr uyere. A think quartz- pyrite-
chlorite-sphalerite  +/- siderite zone occurs between 198 and 200 meters depth within DDH 
17GY0338. This event appears to overprint the foliation in the rock. Assays show above background levels of gold (>0.05ppm); however quart z-pyrite-chlorite-sphalerite +/ - siderite 
is mineralogically different to s tage 3 alteration at Gruyere as it lacks  the pervasive 
283albit
isation. Key zones at Gruyere are often associated with quartz dissolution at the time of 
stage 3b albitisation and the development of pyrite and pyrrhotite.  
 Arsenopyrite form ed during stage 3a and 3b alteration at Gruyere, and arsenopyrite 
appears temporally and spatially linked to mineralisation . Spatially much of the arsenopyrite 
was detected within the mineralised areas at Gruyere; although minor arsenopyrite was 
identified in DDH 17GY0338 at a depth of 196.35 m eters. At 196.35 meters minor 
arsenopyrite occurs with stage 2a albite- quartz-muscovite and appears to be an early pre-gold 
alteration event.  
 Very minor amounts of sulfate were identified at Gruyere and these occur in peripheral zones to mineralisation. Trace amounts of barite were identified with stage 3b pyrite and gold mineralisation at Gruyere  (Figure 55). Barite and anhydrite also occurs with 
stage 2b biotite alteration at Gruyere. Sulfate was rarely identified in samples that are more than 100m away from the main mineralised body. 
    
  
  
 
 
284 
Figure 58 Geological Map of the Gruyere deposit and surrounding geology with TIMA modal abundance of pyrrhotite and 
pyrite. Note that granitoids are presented as 'white'.  The Gruyere granitoid occurs roughly in the middle of the map within a 
strong pyrrhotite enrichment zone. Geological maps  modified from Kreuzer (2017) . 
285 
Figure 59 Geological Map of the Gruyere deposit and surrounding geology with TIMA modal abundance of total arsenides 
(arsenopyrite+gersdoffite+cobaltite)  and anhydrite . Note that granitoids are presented as 'white'.  The Gruyere granitoid 
occurs roughly in the middle of the map within a strong pyrite enrichment zone. Geological maps  modified from Kreuzer 
(2017). 
Total arsenide
 
Anhydrit e 
286Feldspar  and Epidote Group  
 Pervasive albitisation of the host granitoid is an important reaction at the time of 
mineralisation and stage 3b alteration at Gruyere , likely driven by loss of Ca from 
intermediate plagioclase (Ca going into calcite) during alteration (i.e. granitoids with 
andesine occur along strike to the southwest of Gruyere) . However albite alteration is al so 
evident in felsic and intermediate rocks from the footwall,  but this earlier albitisation appears 
mostly related to earlier stage 2 alteration with muscovite  as opposed to the stage 3 alteration 
at Gruyere. P ervasive quartz -destructive stage 3  albitisation and calcite, seen at Gruyere 
(Figure 54), was not identified in DDH 17GY0338. Approximately 2 km southwest  of 
Gruyere, Intermediate- Th Basalt/Dolerite contains zones with pervasive albitisation (e.g., 
15GYAC0207_58m ; Figure 60). The albitised zone is quartz-poor and occurs with chlorite -
K-feldspar-rutile. With the exception of an absence of carbonate and sulfides, this style of alteration is texturally and mineralogically similar to stage  3b alteration at Gruyere. The lack 
of evidence of carbonate or sulfide with the pervasive albite alteration in 15GYAC0207_58m 
could be a result of weathering ; however rocks in the general area are notably poor in Au and 
As. This alteration may have been caused by a similar type of fluid to that at the time of 
mineralisation at Gryuere; although fluids appear relatively H
2S, As and Au poor compared 
to fluids that caused mineralisation at Gruyere.  
The area to the east  of Gruyere contains Intermediate- Th Basalt/Dolerite that shows 
grunerite-andesine +/- magnetite over hornblende- actinolite alteration  (Figure 60). 
Assemblages of grunerite -andesine are also identified in Low Th T holeiitic Basalt to the east 
and in the hanging wall of Gruyere (see below). There, grunerite also replaces hornblende or 
actinolite. This replacement reaction occurs  in patches for up to 1000 meters into the hanging 
wall. Replacement of Ca- actinolite with andesine -grunerite assemblages is also seen in Low 
Th Tholeiitic Basalt within the immediate hanging  wall and 1000 meters south of Gruyere. 
287The ande
sine-grunerite alteration event was rarely  identified in felsic and intermediate 
volcaniclastic rocks on the western side of the Gruyere deposit ( Figure 60). The lack of 
grunerite in felsic and intermediate volcaniclastic rocks may reflect a host rock control, with 
rocks that are Ca- amphibole rich , which appears an important precursor mineral to form 
grunerite. As mentioned above for Corkwood (reaction 2), a CO 2-rich fluid may have helped 
to facilitate this style of reaction with Ca liberated from Ca -amphibole to be made available 
for calcite. There does appear to be evidence of calcite forming at the time of grunerite -
andesine alteration  in the hangingwall at Gruyere .     
The andesine- grunerite alteration in the Low Th Tholeiitic Basalt eastward of Gruyere 
may be part of a distal stage 3b alteration assemblage.  Anorthite is best developed in Low Th 
Tholeiitic Basalt eastward of Gruyere >1000 m into the hanging wall  (Figure 60). Low Th 
Tholeiitic Basalt in the immediate hangingwall of the Gruyere deposit are dominated by andesine, and hence the anorthite appears better developed in the basalt further to the east and away from mineralisation.  
Mica 
 Stage 2a biotite is well-developed within the footwall and hanging wall of Gruyere. In 
the Gruyere hanging wall, basalts commonly contain biotite with values greater than 4 volume percent. Basalts greater than 500 meters east of G ruyere do not contain biotite greater 
than 0.5 volume percent ( Figure 61). Also, along strike and to south- southeast of the Gruyere 
deposits, basalts in the immediate hanging  wall of the granitoid do not contain greater than 4 
volume percent  biotite. Hence although stage 2a biotite alteration appears to pre- date 
mineralisation at Gruyere, it appears spatially significant. In addition, stage 2a biotite analysed using the microprobe shows that these biotites are enriched in F (2,500 to 5,000ppm 
F; Bath and Walshe, 2014) , suggesting that biotite is related to halogen -rich fluids related to 
288sour
ces more complex that rock -buffered fluids commonly associated with Archean gold 
systems. 
 
Figure 60 Geological Map  of the Gruyere deposit and surrounding geology with TIMA modal abundance of albite and 
andesine. Note that granitoids are presented as 'white'.  The Gruyere granitoid occurs roughly in the middle of the map 
within a strong albite alteration zone. Geological maps  modified from Kreuzer (2017) . 
15GYAC0207  Albite  
Andesine  
289 
Figure 61 Geological Map of the Gruyere deposit and surrounding geology with TIMA modal abundance of anorthite and 
clinozoisite . Note that granitoids are presented as 'white'.  The Gruyere gr anitoid occurs roughly in the middle of the map. 
Geological maps  modified from Kreuzer (2017) . 
Anorthite  
Clinozoisite  
290  In 
the footwall, biotite is well-developed in the intermediate volcaniclastics with those 
rocks containing greater than 1 volume percent biotite ( Figure 61). However, biotite is 
commonly well developed in intermediate volcaniclastics in areas well away from the 
Gruyere Deposit, and therefore it is difficult to use biotite in these rocks as a tool to detect proximity to major a hydrotherm al zone. Perhaps further work on the composition of this 
mineral and how it varies away from Gruyere may be more fruitful.  
 Muscovite is commonly greater than 4 volume percent in the granitoid at Gruyere and 
is part of stage 2 alteration. Muscovite alteration is coeval with stage 2a alteration . Stage 3b 
alteration is muscovite distructive, and depending on the degree of stage 3b alteration, 
granitoids can contain variable amounts of stage 2a muscovite. Granitoids with greater than 4 volume percent muscovite from Gruyere are not likely to contain more than 0.5 ppm of gold as the samples are dominated by pre -gold stage 2 alteration (Bath and Walshe, 2014). As 
shown on the muscovite map in Figure 62 granitoids at Gruyere are muscovite-poor 
compares to those along strike and to the south of the deposit.   
Muscovite is below 0.5 volume percent in mafic rocks to the east of the Gruyere 
deposit, and therefore is not a useful indicator of proximity to mineralisation in the mafic rock (Figure 62). Westward of the Gruyere deposit intermediate volcaniclastics contain 
greater than 4 volume percent of muscovite. Similar to biotite, muscovite in intermediate volcaniclastics is elevated in areas well away from known major hy drothermal zones, and 
therefore its use to detect proximity to mineralisation appear limited in this area.  
      
291 
Figure 62 Geological Map of the Gruyere deposit and surrounding geology with TIMA modal abundance of biotite and 
muscovite. Note that granitoids are presented as 'white'.  The Gruyere granitoid occurs roughly in the middle of the map. 
Geological maps  modified from Kreuzer (2017) . 
 
Muscovite  Biotite  
292Titanium phases  
Rutile is the main titanium-bearing phase in granitoids from the main zone, with 
localized areas of ilmenite -enrichment occurring in granitoids around mafic dikes Figure 63 
and Figure 64. Both ilmenite and rutile occur with stage 2 and 3 alteration assemblages; 
however stage 3b alteration occurs where stage 2a and 2b biotite has been broken down to 
form chamosite. Ti tanium that occurs in the structure of biotite, which has been measured 
using the microprobe to be ~1.5 weight percent  (Bath and Walshe, 2014) , appears to have 
been released during chloriti sation of biotite to form rutile or ilmenite  (see below) . Titanite is 
rare within the Gryuere deposit and was mainly identified in localized zones in granitoids to 
the south of the mineralised zones ( Figure 63). There titanite was identified in rocks with 
clinozoisite  and appearing as leucoxene in hand specimen. T hese granitoids , unlike those in 
mineralised granitoid  lack calcite, and the clinozoisite- titanite assemblage could be a distal 
manifestation of stage 3b alteration as noted above (in paragenesis section).  
Titanite occurs in the mafic rocks in the hangingwall of the Gruyere deposit and 
intermediate volcaniclastics in the footwall of the deposit ( Figure 63). Titanite is also well-
developed in least altered mafic >1 km to the east of Gruyere. Much of the titanite appears to 
be a part of stage 1 alteration in the mafics.  
Ilmenite well developed in the mafic rocks to the east and west of Gruyere. As 
mentioned above the mineralise d zones within the Gruyere granitoid also contain ilmenite in 
places (Figure 64). In contrast intermediate volcaniclastics to the west, lack ilmenite and are 
mainly rutile -rich. Ilmenite in mafic rocks can be related to stages 1 -3 alteration.  
293 
 
Figure 63 Geological Map of the Gruyere deposit and surrounding geology with TIMA modal abundance of titanite. Note 
that granitoids are presented as 'white'.  The Gruyere granitoid occurs roughly in the middle of the  map. Geological maps  
modified from Kreuzer (2017) . 
 
 
294 
 
Figure 64 Geological Map of the Gruyere deposit and surrounding geology with TIMA modal abundance of ilmenite . Note 
that granitoids are presented as 'white'.  The Gruyere gra nitoid occurs roughly in the middle of the map. Geological maps  
modified from Kreuzer (2017) . 
295 
 
Figure 65 Geological Map of the Gruyere deposit and surrounding geology with TIMA modal abundance of rutile. Note that 
granitoids are  presented as 'white'.  The Gruyere granitoid occurs roughly in the middle of the map. Geological maps  
modified from Kreuzer (2017) . 
 
 
296Phosphates  
 Monazite and xenotime are well -developed in granitoids at Gruyere ( Figure 66), and 
texturally monazite and xenotime formed at the time of stage 3b chloritisation  and rutile 
alteration  of stage 2a biotite ( Figure 67). Least alteration granitoids along strike and to the 
south-southwest of the Gruyere deposit commonly contain apatite>>(monazite+xenotime), 
indicating that stage 3b alteration  reaction reaction ( 3): 
 
Ca5(PO4)3F + 5H2CO3- + (LREE)Cl 3 = (LREE)(PO 4) + 5CaCO 3 + 3HCl + 7H+   (3)  
 May have been an important reaction related to mineralisation. In the ore zone a t Gruyere  
replacement of apatite by (monazite+xenotime) is looked  at in terms of 
(monazite+xenotime):(apatite) ratios  (Figure 65). Zones with high 
(monazite+xenotime):(apatite) ratios (>0.3) occuring in ore zones. Rocks with such high 
(monazite+xenotime):(apatite) ratios are less common in felsic, intermediate and mafic rocks 
away from mineralised zones ( Figure 65). As described above for Corkwood this reaction 
may be important in Ca -poor rocks that are alte red by CO
2-rich fluids. Calcium from 
minerals like apatite are liberated for carbonate minerals like calcite, as shown in reaction (3).  
 
297 
Figure 66 Geological Map of the Gruyere deposit and surrounding geology with TIMA modal abundance of xenotime + 
monazite (top map and cross -section) and (xenotime+monazite):apatite ratio (bottom map only). Note that granitoids are 
presented as 'white'.  The Gruyere granitoid occurs roughly in the middle of the map. Geological maps  modified from 
Kreuzer (2017) . 
298 
Figure 67 False coloured TIMA mineral map showing stage 3b altered granitoid from the Gruyere deposit. Top image show 
all mineral phases identified. Notable chloritisation of stage 2a biotite with the formation of stage 3b rutile, xenotime and 
monazite. Bottom image shows selected mineral phases of the same TIMA map. Note that zircon grains are rimed by 
monazite, xenotime and sphalerite. It is inferred that monazite, xenotime and sphalerite all formed at the time of  stage 3b 
alteration. Zircon is likely magmatic.  
 
 
 
299Grunerite 
As described above, mafic rocks to the east of Gruyere contain grunerite also replaces  
the rims of  hornblende or actinolite ( Figure 68, Figure 69). This replacement reaction occurs 
in patches for up to 700 meters into the hangingwall with grunerite values greater than 0.1 
volume percent of the modal mineralogy. The Gruyere hangingwall alteration assemblages of andesine- grunerite alteration event was rarely  identified in felsic and intermediate 
volcaniclastic rocks on the western side of the Gruyere deposit. The lack of grunerite in felsic and intermediate volcaniclastic rocks may reflect a host rock control, with rocks that are Ca-amphibole rich required to form grunerite. As mentioned above for Corkwood (reaction 2), a CO
2-rich fluid may have helped to facilitate this style of reaction with Ca liberated from Ca -
amphibole to be made available for calcite; although further thermodynamic modelling is  
required to test this hypothesis. As shown in Figure 69 there does appear to be evidence of 
calcite forming at the time of grunerite alteration , which may help link andesine- grunerite 
alteration to CO 2-rich fluid. As grunerite -andesine overprints stage 2a biotite alteration and 
appears to overprint the dominant foliation in the host rock, it appears plausible the grunerite-andesine assemblage is a distal expression of the stage 3b alteration event seen in the ore-zone at Gruyere.      
300 
Figure 68 Geological Map of the Gruyere deposit and surrounding geology with TIMA modal abundance of grunerite . Note 
that granitoids are presented as 'white'.  The Gruyere granitoid occurs roughly in the middle of the map. Geological maps  
modified from Kreuzer (2017) . 
 
 
 
  
301 
Figure 69 False coloured TIMA mineral map and rock photo of Low Th theoliitic basalt rock from diamond drill hole 
14GYDD0024 (223.9 m depth). Sample occurs from the immediate hanging wall of the Gruyere deposit (see Figure 67).  
Rock contains stage 1a andesine -quartz-hornblende, which overprinted by stage 2a biotite (showing strong foliation). Stage 
1 hornblende and actinolite are overprinted by stage 3(?) grunerite.   
 
302Summary of Zoning at Gruyere  
 A summary of zoning at Gruyere is presented in Figure 70. The lode zone sits within 
an albitised granitoid with pyrrhotite, arsenopyrite and calcite. Monazite , xenotime and rutile 
are important phases in the mineralised core of the deposit. The hangingwall contains basalts 
that show strong biotite alteration and grunerite domain that extends up to 500 meters into the hangingwall. The footwall contains notable p yrite, biotite, muscovite K -feldspar, monazite 
and xenotime.  
 
 
Figure 70 Summary of the general zonation patterns at Gruyere.  
 
 
 
303Comments of Temperature Constraints  at Gruyere  
  
Stage 3d alteration assemb lages are mainly associat ed with rutile and  ilmenite, with 
pyrrhotite, calcite and albite.  Biotite-apatite thermometry on stage 2a biotite -apatite appears 
to suggest upper temperatures of less than 400°C (Bath, unpublished data), consistent with 
the rutile stability field  at XCO 2 fluid conditions of greater than 0.05 ( Figure 50). However 
K-feldspar is predicted to be only appear stable under very high XCO 2 conditions at 
temperatures ~400°C (Figure 50). Based on this it appears possible that Gruyere formed at 
temperature around 400°C under relatively high XCO 2 (Figure 50); although further 
modelling that includes quartz -undersaturated albite- stable fluids may yie ld more precise 
insights into fluid chemistry at the time of mineralisation at Gruyere.  These temperatures 
appear significantly lower than those observed at Corkwood. Lower temperatures do appear 
consistent with the lack of ductile deformation at the time of stage 3 alteration.  
 
 
 
  
 
   
 
  
304Discussion 
Gold mineralising  systems in the Yamarna 
 The 6.2 Moz Gruyere gold deposit reflects one the most significant Au discoveries in 
recent times. The size of the deposit means that it represents significant hydroth ermal events. 
Evidence of th ese hydrothermal events are documented in the through the different stages of 
alteration and their spatial relationship with mineralisation. Those alteration events are 
identified within the deposit; however the lateral extent of the alteration away from the mineralised zones is critical to understand from both an exploration perspective and to scientifically understand fluid type(s) and processes related to mineralisation. One of the key features of the Gruyere deposit is the in ternal stage 3b pyrrhotite and stage 3a and 3c 
arsenopyrite ( Figure 54). Sulfate zones containing largely barite occur peripheral to those 
zones at the time of stage 3b alteration . Pyrite zones form wide footprints that are related to 
both stage 2 and 3 alteration. This relates to a general pattern of reduced sulfides outwards towards relatively oxidis ed alteration assemblages. A similar pattern occurs at Corkwood 
with a narrow lode related arsenopyrite zone, an inne r pyrrhotite -pyrite domain with a pyrite -
anhydrite domain occurring in the immediate hangingwall of the deposit ( Figure 42). 
Smokebush in the south also shows an inner arsenopyrite-pyrrhotite domain and peripheral pyrite-anhydrite domains. Toppin Hill in the south shows these spatial relationships , except 
for a lack of arsenopyrite (Bath et al., 2016). These patterns indicate an inner reduced domain 
and an outer oxidised domain. Traditionally reduced graphitic shale units have been used to explain the presence of reduced domains with lode zones in Archean gold systems; however graphitic shale horizons do not coincide with many of the ore zones in the Yamarna. 
305Moreove
r, the gradient at Gruyere does not correspond with rock type change s and therefore 
must be a product of changes in fluid chemistry largely unrelated to rock buffered reactions.  
Stage 3 veins , which host mineralisation at Gruyere , show a broad range in chemistry. 
In one example at Gruyere, veins with gold occur with stage 3b barite- pyrite, which 
overprints stage 3a arsenopyrite . This likely reflects redox conditions close to the H 2S-SO42- 
buffer at the time of gold mineralisation  (Figure 55). Complex changes in redox could relate 
to processes such as the partial breakdown of SO 2 in to H 2S and SO 42- from a volatile -rich 
fluid at the time of mineralisation . Weakly negative δ34S isotope values (-1.8 ‰) commonly 
occur with arsenopyrite at Gruyere  (Bath and Walshe, 2014) , as evidence of  fractionation . 
The slightly positive δ34S values (+2.5 ‰) of pyrite and pyrrhotite at Gruyere are consistent 
in many reduced Archean gold syste ms, and appear consistent with the rapid reduction of 
SO2 during the precipitation of sulfides and gold mineralisation. Arsenopyrite may have 
crystallised from H 2S formed during the breakdown of SO 2 to H2S and SO 42-, yielding the 
slightly negative δ34S values.  Helt et al., (2014) argued for the introduction of reduced Au 
bearing fluids into an already oxidised host rock in the 13.2 Moz Malartic Gold Deposit, 
Quebec, Canada. Perhaps the breakdown of stage 2 magnetite  (and hematite?)  at Gruyere had 
a role in providing Fe to help destabilised Au- bisulfide complexes.  
One type of reaction that appears very important in the Archean gold systems are 
reactions that liberate Ca. Archean Au systems are associated with CO 2-rich fluids, and Ca 
from precursor silicate phases is often liberated and made available to stabili se carbonates. In 
ore zones andesine-quartz may breakdown to albite- calcite: 
 
  
Na0.5Ca0.5Al1.5Si2.5O8 + 2SiO2 + H2CO3 + NaCl = 1.5NaAlSi 3O8 + 0.5CaCO 3 + HCl + H+  (4) 
306Peri
pheral zones show evidence of actinolite or hornblende reacting to form grunerite. The 
breakdown of actinolite to grunerite in CO 2-rich fluids can be summerised as:  
 
 
Ca2Fe5(Si8O22)(OH)2  + 2H2CO3- + FeCl 2  =  Fe7(Si8O22)(OH)2 + 2CaCO 3 + 2HCl             (5) 
 
Within or close to ore z ones CO 2-rich fluids appear to cause apatite to breakdown to 
monazite (or xenotime), w hich can be summerised as:  
 Ca
5(PO4)3F + 5H2CO3- + (LREE)Cl 3 = (LREE)(PO4) + 5CaCO 3 + 3HCl + 7H+              (6) 
 In many mineralised zones titanite is not stable, and the breakdown of titanite by CO
2-rich 
fluids to form rutile and calcite can be summerised by:  
 
CaTiSiO 5 + H2CO3 = TiO 2 + SiO 2 + CaCO 3 + H2O                                                      (7)  
 
Of the above chemical reactions, reaction ( 5) appears significant for exploring for carbonate 
metasomatism in mafic  rocks away from the main min eralised zones. Zones of grunerite 
alteration can be tracked up  to 700 meters into the hangingwall of the Gruyere deposit 
(Figure 68). In dolerites at Smokebush grunerite can be tracked around some 60 meters into 
the hangingwall on one of the sections studied ( Figure 72).  
   
307 
Figure 71 Cross-section of the Smokebush prospect from the south Yamarna TIMA modal abundance of grunerite . 
Downhole profile of DDH 15SYDD0008 shown on the cross -section shows notable grunerite zones around the main lode. 
Geological cross -section of Smokebush generated by Gold Road Resources.  
308Grunerite zones in the Yamarna  
 
Grunerite is developed around mineralised areas and appears to form part of a broader 
footprint to mineralisation. As shown at Gruyere the grunerite footprint can extend up to 700 
meters in the hangingwall. Much smaller grunerite zones are seen at Smokebush w ith the 
grunerite zone extending only 60 meters into the hangingwall ( Figure 71). To test the extent 
of grunerite and possibly identify other mineralised zones in the South Yamarna we plotted grunerite values in the context of the geology. Grunerite zones are identified around 
Smokebush on the map as described in the cross-section above ( Figure 72). On Figure 72 
there is a significant grunerite domain within mafic volcanics that occu rs ~11 kilometres 
north-northwest of the Smokebush. This zone occurs along a notable As trend ( Figure 28). 
Here it would be considered a follow- up target area, based on what has been learnt at Gruyere 
and Corkwood.  
 
Alteration between Attila -Alaric, Central Bore and Gruyere   
  
As described above the Attila-Alaric trend sits along a broad and notable whole rock 
As trend. Central Bore, to the east of Attila also sits within a notable As anomaly. Approximately 6 kilometres to the nor th-east of Central Bore, As -rich alteration occurs along 
within an intermediate volcaniclastic unit that includes interbedded ultramafic units. The As trend strikes towards the north-northwest , parallel to the litholog y (Figure 72). To the west , a 
mafic volcanics occurs. Here we test if grunerite alteration is present in the adjacent mafic unit (Figure 73). Only a weak grunerite domain was detected in the mafic volcaniclastic west 
of the As- trend between Gru yere and Attila  (Figure 74). This seems to indicate that alteration,  
309 
Figure 72 Geological Map of part of the south Yamarna area TIMA modal abundance of grunerite . Note that granitoids are 
presented as 'white'.  Notable grunerite domains occur around Smokebush in mafic rocks. Geological maps  modified from 
Kreuzer (2017) . 
 
310rela
ted to carbonate metasomatism is only weakly developed in the area studied.      
As shown at Corkwood and Gruyere, phosphate alteration in felsic and intermediate 
rock types can be a tool to explore for evidence of CO 2 metasomatism in Ca -poor host rocks. 
We test the (monazite+xenotime)/apatite ratio to determine if felsic and intermediate rock s 
between Attila and Gruyere contain anomalou s values, particularly around the As-rich trend 
(Figure 73). The (monazite+xenotime)/apatite ratio  is not elevated within the rocks along the 
As-rich trend between Attila and Gruyere ( Figure 75). However , there is a notably high 
(monazite+xenotime)/apatite  domain in the felsic and intermediate volcaniclastic about 2.5 
kilometers northeast of the As-rich domain. From an exploration perspective, and based on 
studies at Gruyere, Corkwood and Smokebush, it does appear that As-rich zones that contain 
elevated (monazite+xenotime)/apatite  ratios in felsic and intermediate rocks that  are 
surrounded by grunerite-rich domains (in mostly mafic rocks ) appear to be best targets  in the 
Yamarna. The use of phosphates and grunerite in addition to feldspars may be a useful 
technique to explore partly weather chips, which often suffer from carbonate and sulfide weathering.   
We note that this central corridor between Attila and Gruyere contains some 
interesting alteration domains. The potential to explore along the As -rich trend and serach for 
grunerite, high monazite+xenotime)/apatite, pyrrhotite, rutile, titanite, biotite and albite domains appears promising. 
311 
Figure 73 Geological map of part of the North Yamarna area between Attila and Gruyere showing whole rock As values . 
Note that granitoids are presented as 'white'.  Red ellipsoids highlight the Gruyere Deposit and central area with anomalous 
As values. Geological map modified from Kreuzer (2017) . 
312 
Figure 74 Geological map of part of the North Yamarna area between Attila and Gruyere TIMA showing TIMA modal 
mineral values for grunerite. Note that granitoids are presented as 'white'.  Red ellipso ids highlight the Gruyere Deposit. 
Geological map modified from Kreuzer (2017) . 
 
 
313 
 
 
Figure 75 Geological map of part of the North Yamarna area between Attila and Gruyere TIMA showing TIMA values for 
(monazite+xenotime)/apatite ra tios. Note that granitoids are presented as 'white'.  Red ellipsoids highlight the Gruyere 
Deposit. Geological map modified from Kreuzer (2017) . 
314 
 
Conclusions  
Here we documented in det ail results from alteration mapping work conducted at the 
Corkwood prospect and Gruyere deposit in order to identify key alteration assemblages and 
zonation patterns. We note 3 main stages of alteration at Corkwood comprises of s tage 1a 
alteration in intermediate to felsic sedimentary rocks is defined by quartz -hornblende-
andesine- magnetite . An early stage 1b albite- quartz +/- muscovite alteration  overprinted by 
stage 2a andesine-quartz- biotite-amphibole and in places shows a strong foliation. S tage 2a 
andesine is accompanied by  Fe-rich minerals grunerite-magnetite -pyrite (skarn assemblages)  
and is quartz-destructive, overprinting folded quartz veins. Footwall s tage 2b anorthite-
quartz-biotite-pyrrhotite  and hangingwall  2c albite-quartz-pyrite-muscovite +/ - biotite is 
overprinted by stage 2d calcite -chlorite-titanite-pyrrhotite -chalcopyrite- arsenopyrite +/ - 
biotite, thought to occur with gold mineralisation. The titanite, biotite  and K-feldspar formed 
during stage 2d appears to favour high temperatures within the 460° to 490°C range.  
Gold mineralization at the 6.2 Moz Gruyere Deposit is hosted by narrow (<250 
meters wide) steeply west -dipping albitised granitoid intrusion(s) that strike towards the 
NNW. Mineralization is best developed within domains of stage 3b albite- calcite-chamosite -
pyrrhotite -pyrite ± arsenopyrite alteration that dips moderately to th e south (~25°) in the 
central area of the Main Zone. These domains are surrounded by weaker mineralis ed albite-
calcite-chamosite -pyrite ± barite domains. Mineralization and associated stage 3b alteration 
post-dates a NNW -striking fabric defined by the alig nment of biotite and muscovite that 
formed during stage 2a biotite -oligoclase -albite-quartz alteration and stage 2b albite -quartz-
315musco
vite ± biotite -magnetite with notable reddening of feldspars. Complex relationships 
occur between sulfides and arsenides at the time of stage 3b alteration, with pyrrhotite 
overgrown by arsenopyrite and arsenopyrite overgrown by pyrite in individual albite- calcite-
chamosite veins.  At Gruyere stage 2a alteration (and deformation) is inferred to have formed 
with upper temperature range of 400°C, based on the biotite- apatite thermometer . Analysis of 
34S/32S ratios from stage 3b pyrite and pyrrhotite demonstrates isotopically heavy δ34S-VCDT 
fluid source relative to a mantle reservoir (i.e. 0 ± 2 ‰) at the time of mineralisation, with many sulfides having δ
34S-VCDT values between +3.0 and +4.0 ‰. Individual stage 3b 
pyrites grains contain δ34S-VCDT values ranging from +0.9 to +9.6 ‰, supporting evidence 
for in situ reduction of oxidised S at the time of stage 3b alteration and gold mineralization.  
Broader As and biotite domains are identified around Gruyere, with a notable 
grunerite domain in mafic rocks from the hangingwall for up t o 700 meters eastward of the 
deposit and thought to be related to gold-stage stage 3b alteration . This alteration appears 
consistent with the breakdown of Ca-amphibole to form grunerite during CO 2 metasomatism. 
Similar reactions are seen in the footwall at C orkwood and around ore zones at Smokebush. 
Other Ca phases such as apatite breakdown to form monazite and xenotime within or close to the ore zones and are shown to be useful for terr ane-scale detection of alteration footprints. 
Numerous grunerite and phosphate zones were dete cted within the South Yamar na and in the 
area between Attila and Gruyere. Many of these zones occur along notable camp- to terrane -
scale regional As trends.  
 
 
 
316References 
Barnes S.J., Van Kranendonk, M.J., Sonntag, I., 2012. Geochemistry and tectonic setting of 
basalts from the Eastern Goldfields Superterrane, Australian Journal of Earth Sciences, 
59:5, 707-735. 
Cox, S.F., Etheridge, M.A., Cas, R.A.F., Clifford, B.A., 1991. Deformation style of the 
Castlemaine area, Bendigo –Ballarat Zone: implications for the evolution of crustal 
structure in central Victoria. Australian Journal o f Earth Sciences 38, 151–170. 
Cox, S.F., Sun, S.-S., Etheridge, M.A., Wall, V.J., Potter, T.F., 1995. Structural and 
geochemical controls on the development of turbidite hosted gold quartz vein deposits, Wattle Gully Mine, Central Victoria, Australia. Econ omic Geology 90, 1722–1746. 
Walshe, J., Bath, A., Cloutier, J., Hough, R. 2014 High grade gold deposits: processes to 
prediction, report number 304, MERIWA research project M410, Published by MRIWA ISBN 1920981659. 
 
 
 
 
317List of Figures 
Figure 1 Location of deposits and prospects in the Yamarna Belt.  Figure is from a Gold Road 
Resources ASX Announcement 27 April 2018 “Quarterly Report For the period ending 31 March 2018”. ............................................................................................................................. 9 
Figure 2 Zr*50 – Cr*10 – Ti ternary diagram and the classification scheme of Walshe et al (2014), data is from the St Ives gold field at Kambalda. ......................................................... 11 Figure 3 Zr*50 – Cr*10 – Ti ternary diagram of pXRF data in the Gold Road data base. Analyses are colour coded by rock types. ................................................................................ 12 Figure 4 Corkwood prospect. (a) Geological map highlighting the prospect is located in a thin 5km wedge of stratigraphy between two granitoids (pink units). Geological map is the PGN map sheet. (b) Tilt derivative of magnetics (same area as (a)). (c) Expanded view of tilt derivative of magnetics with rock typ es assigned from pXRF data. Area is marked by yellow 
triangle in (a) and (b). Drill holes structurally logged are highlighted. ................................... 14 Figure 5 Stratigraphy within drill hole 17CWDD0020. (a) Plan view of tilt derivative of magnetics with drill holes and pXRF rock types. (b) Detail of hole 17CWDD0020.  (c) Representative rock types 17CWDD0020. .............................................................................. 15 Figure 6 Stratigraphy within drill hole 17CWDD0 021. (a) Plan view of tilt derivative of 
magnetics with drill holes and pXRF rock types. (b) Detail of hole 17CWDD0021.  (c) Representative rock types 17CWDD0021. .............................................................................. 16 Figure 7 Stratigraphy within drill hole 17CWDD0022. (a) Plan view of tilt derivative of 
magnetics with drill holes and pXRF rock types. (b) Detail of hole 17CWDD0022.  (c) Representative rock types 17CWDD0022. .............................................................................. 17 Figure 8  R epresentative rock types in drill hole 17CWDD0015. ........................................... 18 
318Figu
re 9 Foliation data collected from the Corkwood prospect area. Blue dashed lines are 
dominant foliation trends, red dashed lines are inferred shears. Disks are coloured by azimuth 
(red = N-S) (a) Tilt derivative with structural data. (b) Tilt derivative with structural data. (c) 
Cross section with structural data – note W-dip. (d) Stereonets of poles to foliation. Red dotes 
are felsic intru sive contacts. (e) Foliation in felsic intrusive unit and sediments.  ................... 19 
Figure 10 Section through Corkwood. Drill holes marked on Figure 9 (a) Gold assay with N-trending shear marked. (b) Rock types showing location of the N-S trending shear. ............. 20 Figure 11 Section through Corkwood. Drill holes marked on Figure 9 (a) Foliation data over gold assays with N-trending shear marked. (b) Detail highlighting low grade Au along shear and high grade gold interval. (c) Foliation data highlighting N-S trending shear and high grade gold occurring with NW- trending foliation. .................................................................. 21 
Figure 12 Map view of Corkwood (a) Gold grade. (b) Gold grade with foliation data. Foliation disks are coloured by azimuth (red = N- S trends).  ................................................... 22 
Figure 13 Deformation fabrics at Corkwood. (a) Early fold hinges. (b) Low angle tension veins (vein marked by yellow dashed line). (c) Steep lineation. Black line highlights ellipses defining lineation. (d) Late low angle crenulation lineation. ................................................... 24 Figure 14 N-S trending shear and associated grade in drill hole 17CWDD0015.  (a) Mineralisation within Low Cr amfic units and porphyritic felsic units.  Note vein on contact between the units. (b) Low angle vein within felsic unit. (c) Reverse shear within mineralised felsic unit.  ................................................................................................................................. 25 
Figure 15 High grade interval in footwall of N-S trending shear in hole 17CWDD00015.  (a) Examples of mineralised interval. (b) Detail of high grade interval along NW -trending 
foliation. Sulphides are arsenopyrite. (c) Reverse shear with arsenopyrite on high grade interval. (d) Base metals (Galena and Sphalerite) with arsenopyrite. ...................................... 26 
Figure 16 Schematic plan view model  for Corkwood gold mineralisation. ............................ 27 
319Figu
re 17 Location of Alaric, Attila and Central Bore over lain on a tilt derivative of the 
magnetics. See Figure 1 for regional location. Note oblique grid is the mine grid which is 18 
degrees from magnetic north. All sections are in mine grid.  ................................................... 30 
Figure 18 Rock types within the Attila and Alaric deposits. ................................................... 31 Figure 19 Dominant style of mineralisation at Attila and Alaric. Drill hole 16ATDD0011 (Attila). Large red text is gold grade, smaller red text are metre intervals.  ............................. 32 
Figure 20 Dominant style of mineralisation at Attila and Alaric. Drill hole 17ALDD0011 
(Alaric). Note lack of quartz veining near higher gold grades. Two quartz veins are highlighted, one near 102.2 m has minor sulphides adjacent to it. .......................................... 33 Figure 21 Low angle mineral and stretching lineations at Alaric and Attila. This is a mix of a mica mineral lineation, elongate sulphides (top left) and aligned clasts (bottom right). Stereonet readings are magnetic n orth. .................................................................................... 34 
Figure 22 Sections through Alaric with stereonet of foliation/ layering. (a) Gold grade. Dashed line is the dominant trend of layering. (b) Structural readings taken of foliation/ layering. Stereonet readings are magnetic north.  ..................................................................... 35 
Figure 23 Sections through Attila with stereonet of foliation/ layering. (Top) Gold grade. Dashed line is the dominant trend of layering. (Bottom) Structural readings taken of foliation/ layering. Stereonet readings are magnetic north.  ..................................................................... 36 
Figure 24 Structural data and sections through Central Bore. (Top) Foliation/ layering and gold grade. (Bottom) Gold grade above 10 g/t. Stereonet readings are magnetic north. ......... 37 Figure 25 Dominant rock types at Central Bore.  ..................................................................... 38 
Figure 26 High grade mineralisation on main lode at at Central Bore. Hole 12CBDD0046. . 38 Figure 27  Kinematic analysis of gold mineralisation on main lode at Central Bore. Hole 12CBDD0047. ......................................................................................................................... 39 
320Figu
re 28 Whole rock As (ppm) values from the Yamarna Terrane (data provided by Gold 
Road Resources).  ..................................................................................................................... 43 
Figure 29 Geological Map of the Ibanez area with whole rock As(ppm) values. Note that 
granitoids are presented as 'white'. Note that As values do not correspond with Au values. Map modified from Kreuzer (2017) and As data provided by Gold Road Resources. ........... 45 Figure 30 Geological Map of the Ibanez area with whole rock Au (ppm) values. Note that granitoids are presented as 'white'. Note that Au values do not correspond with As values. Map modified from Kreuzer (2017) and Au data provided by Gold Road Resources. ........... 46 Figure 31 paragenetic diagram for the Corkwood prospect..................................................... 47 Figure 32 False coloured TIMA mineral map and rock photo showing the stage 1a andesine-quartz-hornblende overprinted by stage 2b anorthite-quartz- biotite-pyrrhotite from 
Corkwood. Rock type is intermediate volcaniclastic. .............................................................. 49 Figure 33 False colo ured TIMA mineral map and rock photo of intermediate granophyric 
from Corkwood. Rock shows evidence stage 1b albite-muscovite-quartz- magnetite 
alterteration overprinted by stage 2a andesine-quartz- biotite-titanite. Stage 2a alteration is 
cross-cut by thin stage 3a albite veins that show titanite alteration.  ........................................ 50 
Figure 34 False coloured TIMA mineral map and rock photo of Fe- rich intermediate 
volcaniclastic. Rock shows stage 1b albite- quartz alteration overprinted by stage 2a andesine-
biotite-grunerite-magnetite -pyrite. Stage 2a alteration shows evidence of Fe -metasomatism.
.................................................................................................................................................. 51 Figure 35 False coloured TIMA mineral map and rock photo of inter mediate volcaniclastics 
from Corkwood. Shows evidence of Stage 2a andesine-quartz-hornblende- grunerite-biotite 
altertation.  ................................................................................................................................ 52 
Figure 36 False coloured TIMA mineral map and rock photo of intermediate granophyric from Corkwood. Rock shows evidence stage 2c albite-quartz- muscovite alteration 
321overpri
nted by stage 2d K- feldspar alteration. Note that K -feldspar alteration selectively 
replaces quartz. Rock type is intermediate granophyre.  .......................................................... 53 
Figure 37 False coloured TIMA mineral map and rock photo of intermediate volcaniclastic 
from Corkwood. Intermediate volcaniclastic rock that shows stage 2b andesine-quartz-pyrrhotite -pyrite-titanite overprinted by stage 2d K-feldspar- biotite-titanite-pyrite ............... 54 
Figure 38 False coloured TIMA mineral map and rock photo of intermediate volcaniclastic from Corkwood. Intermediate volcaniclastic that show s evidence of stage 2a andesine -quartz 
and stage 2c albite-muscovite alteration overprinted by 'quartz destructive’ stage 2d K-feldspar-calcite-chlorite-chalcopyrite alteration.  ..................................................................... 55 
Figure 39 Fals e coloured TIMA mineral map and rock photo of intermediate granophyric 
volvaniclastic from Corkwood. Intermdiate volcaniclastic that shows evidence of stage 2a andesine- quartz-grunerite alteration overprinted by stage 3b clinozoisite. These assemblages 
are cross-cut by late stage 4 hornblende- andesine veins. ........................................................ 56 
Figure 40  Section through Corkwood. Drill holes marked on Figure 9 (a) Gold assay with N-trending shear marked. (b) Rock types showing location of the N-S trending shear. ............. 58 Figure 41 Map and cross-section of the Corkwood prospect showing rock types (see above for legend on rock types) and modal abundance of pyrrhotite in the rock. Much of the mineralisation occurs in the footwall of the main fault (thick black line) and this coincides with high (>0.08 modal %) pyrrhotite. Geological map modified from Kreuzer (2017). ....... 59 Figure 42 Cross-sections for sulfides and sulfate for the Corkwood prospect (6949000mN). Much of the mineralisation occurs in the footwall of the major fault (see above). The arsenopyrite halo is very small compared to the mineralised zone. Pyrrhotite (above) shows the best spatial relationship with mineralisation. Hangingwall contains arsenopyrite mineralisation in with the granophyric rock. ........................................................................... 60 
322Figu
re 43 Cross- sections for plagioclase (albite, and esine and anorthite) for the Corkwood 
prospect (6949000mN). Much of the mineralisation occurs in the footwall of the major fault 
(see above). The notable albite domain occurs with intermediate granophyre, whereas andersine is well developed in intermediate  volcaniclasitcs. Local anorthite zones occur with 
mafic units, but appears to be related to stage 2b alteration. ................................................... 63 Figure 44 Cross-sections of K-feldspar, Calcite and Biotite abundance for the Corkwood prospect (6949000mN). Much of the mineralisation occurs in the footwall of the major fault (see above). There is a notable K -feldspar domains that overlaps with the mineralised zone 
and into the hangingwall (within the granophyric unit). This K- feldspar event is largely 
related to the stage 2d alteration. There is a lack of calcite alteration with the mineralised areas. Biotite in contrast appears to form a notable halo into the footwall and hanging wall of the Corkwood prospect. ........................................................................................................... 64 Figure 45 Cross-sections of muscovite abundance for the Corkwood prospect (6949000mN). Much of the mineralisation occurs in the footwall of the major fault (see above). Muscovite is widely distributed and abundance of muscovite does not show a strong relationship with mineralisation.  .......................................................................................................................... 65 
Figure 46 Cross-section of ilmenite, titanite and rutile abundance for the Corkwood prospect (6949000mN). Much of the mineralisation occurs in the footwall of the major fault (see above) and coincides with titanite domains. Rutile and ilmenite appear more abundant in peripheral domains to mineralisation.  ...................................................................................... 66 
Figure 47 Geological Map of the Ibanez area with TIMA mineral values of 
(monazite+xenotime):(apatite) ratios. Note that granitoids are presented as 'white'. Map modified from Kreuzer (2017). ................................................................................................ 68 Figure 48 Map and cross-section of the Corkwood prospect showing rock types (see above 
for legend on rock types) and modal abundance of grunerite in the rock. Much of the 
323minera
lisation occurs in the footwall of the main fault (thick black line) and grunerite occurs 
in the footwall and to the east of Corkwood in altered intermediate volcaniclastics. 
Geological map modified from Kreuzer (2017). ..................................................................... 70 Figure 49 Summary of the general zonation patterns at Corkwood. ....................................... 71 Figure 50 Thermodynamic model to estimate possible T and XCO2 conditions for select mineral phases in the presence of excess quartz, calcite and pyrrhotite. Corkwood contains assemblages of titanite -K-feldspar-biotite-calcite-pyrrhotite at the time of mineralisation 
(Figure 38). Assuming the system is close to quartz saturation then ‘blue’ ellipsoid highlights possible T and XCO
2 conditions at the time of mineralisation at Corkwood. Te mperature 
range of 460 to 490°C and XCO 2 conditions of 0.4 to 0.7 (although assumes a quartz 
saturation). Green represents inferred range for Gruyere based off mineral assemblages and upper temperature estimates from stage 2a biotite -apatite Modified from Walshe et al. (this 
volume). ................................................................................................................................... 73 Figure 51 Geological Map of the Gruyere deposit and surrounding geology with whole rock As values. Note that granitoids are presented as 'white'. The Gruyere grani toid occurs roughly 
in the middle of the map within a As anomaly. Map modified from Kreuzer (2017). ............ 75 Figure 52 a. Stage 1 folded quartz vein that is cross- cut by Stage 2a biotite -muscovite alte red 
granitoid from the North Zone. Post- deformation Stage 3c arsenopyrite overprints Stage 2a 
alteration. b. Stage 2a bands of biotite-feldspar highly deformed shear zones (foliation parallel to white arrow) that cross -cut the granitoid in the Main Zone. c. Stage 2b redden 
albite-biotite-muscovite- magnetite altered granitoid that is cross -cut by calcite- biotite vein 
from the Main Zone. d. False-coloured TIMA mineral map of Stage 2b redden albite- biotite-
muscovite- magnetite altered granitoid from the Main Zo ne. e. Stage 3aquartz vein cross -cut 
by gold mineralization -Stage 3b chlorite- biotite-pyrite-pyrrhotite -calcite vein from the North 
Zone. f. Syn- gold mineralization Stage 3b pyrrhotite -pyrite-calcite vein that cross -cuts a 
324weak f
oliation in the granitoid defined by the alignment of biotite. This sample is from a 
higher-grade pyrrhotite -stable domain from the Main Zone. g. Coarse Stage 3b pyrite vein 
cross-cut by a Stage 3c quartz vein that contains arsenopyrite from the Main Zone. H. Stage 
3c quartz vein cr osscut by a late Stage 4 calcite vein from the Main Zone.  ............................ 76 
Figure 53 Paragenetic diagram for the Gruyere Deposit.  ........................................................ 78 
Figure 54 a. Stage 3b albitised granitoid with pyrrhotite, arseonpyrite, pyrite, calcite and 
chamosite. There are complex  ................................................................................................. 79 
Figure 55 a-b. Stage 3a quartz-arsenopyrite vein overprinted by Stage 3b pyrrhotite-p yrite-
calcite-chamosite -gold from the Main Zone. False coloured TIMA mineral map shown in ‘b’ 
shows fine inclusions (<5μm) of Stage 3b gold that occur with chamosite- calcite-barite-pyrite 
(black square box and insert in ‘b’). ........................................................................................ 81 
Figure 56 False coloured TIMA mineral map and rock photo of felsic conglomerate rock from diamond drill hole 17GY0338 (128.5m depth). Rock contains stage 1a almandine with quartz which is overprinted by stage 2a muscovite- albite-pyrite-chlorite. .............................. 82 
Figure 57 False coloured TIMA mineral map and rock photo of felsic conglomerate rock from diamond drill hole 17GY0338 (184.4m depth). Rock contains stage 2a muscovite-albite-pyrite-chlorite which is overprinted by stage 2b biotite- pyrrhotite.  .............................. 83 
Figure 58 Geological Map of the Gruyere deposit and surrounding geology with TIMA modal abundance of pyrrhotite and pyrite. Note that granitoids are presented as 'white'. The Gruyere granitoid occurs roughly in the middle of the map within a strong pyrrhotite 
enrichment zone. Geological maps modified from Kreuzer (2017). ....................................... 86 Figure 59 Geological Map of the Gruyere deposit and surrounding geolo gy with TIMA 
modal abundance of total arsenides (arsenopyrite+gersdoffite+cobaltite) and anhydrite. Note that granitoids are presented as 'white'. The Gruyere granitoid occurs roughly in the middle of 
325the ma
p within a strong pyrite enrichment zone. Geological maps modified from Kreuzer 
(2017). ...................................................................................................................................... 87 
Figure 60 Geological Map of the Gruyere deposit and surrounding geology with TIMA modal abundance of albite and andesine. Note that granitoids are presented as 'white'. The Gruyere granitoid occurs roughly in the middle of the map within a strong albite alteration zone. Geological maps modified from Kreuzer (2017). .......................................................... 90 Figure 61 Geological Map of the Gruyere deposit and surrounding geology with TIMA modal abundance of anorthite and clinozoisite. Note that granitoids are presented as 'white'. The Gruyere granitoid occurs roughly in the middle of the map. Geological maps modified from Kreuzer (2017).  ............................................................................................................... 91 
Figure 62 Geological Map of the Gruyere deposit and surrounding geology with TIMA modal abundance of biotite and muscovite. Note that granitoids are presented as 'white'. The Gruyere granitoi d occurs roughly in the middle of the map. Geological maps modified from 
Kreuzer (2017).  ........................................................................................................................ 93 
Figure 63 Geological Map of the Gruyere deposit and surrounding geology with TIMA modal abundance of titanite. Note that granitoids are presented as 'white'. The Gruyere granitoid occurs roughly in the middle of the map. Geological maps modified from Kreuzer (2017). ...................................................................................................................................... 95 Figure 64 Geological Map of the Gruyere deposit and surrounding geology with TIMA modal abundance of ilmenite. Note that granitoids are presented as 'white'. The Gruyere granitoid occurs roughly in the middle of the map. Geological maps modified from Kreuzer (2017). ...................................................................................................................................... 96 Figure 65 Geological Map of the Gruyere deposit and surrounding geology with TIMA modal abundance of rutile. Note that granitoids are presented as 'white'. The Gruyere 
326grani
toid occurs roughly in the middle of the map. Geological maps modified from Kreuzer 
(2017). ...................................................................................................................................... 97 
Figure 66 Geological Map of the Gruyere deposit and surrounding geology with TIMA modal abundance of xenotime + monazite (top map and cross- section) and 
(xenotime+monazite):apatite ratio (bottom map only). Note that granitoids are presented as 'white'. The Gruyere granitoid occurs roughly in the middle of the map. Geological maps modified from Kreuzer (2017). ................................................................................................ 99 Figure 67 False coloured TIMA mineral map showing stage 3b altered granitoid from the Gruyere deposit. Top image show all mineral phases identified. Notable chloritisation of stage 2a biotite with the formation of stage 3b  rutile, xenotime and monazite. Bottom image 
shows selected mineral phases of the same TIMA map. Note that zircon grains are rimed by monazite, xenotime and sphalerite. It is inferred that monazite, xenotime and sphalerite all formed at the time of stage 3b alteration. Zircon is likely magmatic.  ................................... 100 
Figure 68 Geological Map of the Gruyere deposit and surrounding geology with TIMA modal abundance of grunerite. Note that granitoids are presented as 'white'. The Gruyere granitoid occurs roughly in the middle of the map. Geological maps modified from Kreuzer (2017). .................................................................................................................................... 102 Figure 69 False coloured TIMA mineral map and rock photo of Low Th theoli itic basalt rock 
from diamond drill hole 14GYDD0024 (223.9 m depth). Sample occurs from the immediate hanging wall of the Gruyere deposit (see Figure 67).  Rock contains stage 1a andesine-quartz-hornblende, which overprinted by stage 2a biotite (showing strong foliation). Stage 1 hornblende and actinolite are overprinted by stage 3(?) gruner ite. ....................................... 103 
Figure 70 Summary of the general zonation patterns at Gruyere.  ......................................... 104 
Figure 71 Cross-section of the Smokebush prospect from the south Yamarna TIMA modal abundance of grunerite. Downhole profile of DDH 15SYDD0008 shown on the cross-section 
327shows not
able grunerite zones around the main lode. Geological cross-section of Smokebush 
generated by Gold Road Resources.  ...................................................................................... 109 
Figure 72 Geological Map of part of the south Yamarna area TIMA modal abundance of 
grunerite. Note that granitoids are presented as 'white'. Notable grunerite domains occur around Smokebush in mafic rocks. Geological maps modified from Kreuzer (2017). ......... 111 Figure 73 Geological map of part of the North Yamarna area between Attila and Gruyere showing whole rock As values. Note that granitoids are presented as 'white'. Red ellipsoids 
highlight the Gruyere Deposit and central area with anomalous As values. Geological map modified from Kreuzer (2017). .............................................................................................. 113 Figure 74 Geological map of part of the North Yamarna area between Attila and Gruyere TIMA showing TIMA modal mineral values for grunerite. Note that granitoids are presented as 'white'. Red ellipsoids highlight the Gruyere Deposit. Geological map modified from Kreuzer (2017).  ...................................................................................................................... 114 
Figure 75 Geological map of part of the North Yamarna area between Attila and Gruyere TIMA showing TIMA values for (monazite+xenotime)/apatite ratios. Note that granitoids are presented as 'white'. Red ellipsoids highlight the Gruyere Deposit. Geological map modified from Kreuzer (2017).  ............................................................................................................. 115 
 
 
328 
 
Mapping the Chemical 
Architecture of the Mount 
Magnet Gold Camp 
MRIWA 494 Project, Ramelius Resources 
Renee Birchall, John L. Walshe, Adam B. Bath, Jessica M. Stromberg and Tina Shelton 
EP194601 
 
 
 
  
Australia’s National  
Science Agency  
329Mineral R esources  
Citation  
Birchall R ., J.L Walshe, A.B B ath, J.M. Stromberg  and T. Shelton  (2019). Mapping the Chemical 
Arch itecture of the Mount Magnet Gold Camp, MR IWA 494 Final Report.  
Copyright  
© Co mmonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation 20 19. To the extent permitted 
by law, all rights are reserved and no part of this publication covered by copyright may be 
reproduced or copied in any form or by any means except with the written pe rmission of CSIRO.  
Important disclaimer  
CSIRO advises that the information contained in this publication comprises general statements 
based on scientific research. The reader is advised and needs to be aware that such information 
may be incomplete or unabl e to be used in any specific situation. No reliance or actions must 
therefore be made on that information without seeking prior expert professional, scientific and 
technical advice. To the extent permitted by law, CSIRO (including its employees and consult ants) 
excludes all liability to any person for any consequences, including but not limited to all losses, 
damages, costs, expenses and any other compensation, arising directly or indirectly from using this 
publication (in part or in whole) and any informat ion or material contained in it.  
CSIRO i s committed to providing web accessible content wherever possible. If you are ha ving 
difficulties with accessing this document please contact  csiroenquiries@csiro.au . 
330CSIRO Mineral Resources  
Mapping the 
Chemical 
Architecture of the 
Mount Magnet 
Gold Camp  
MRIWA 494 Project, Ramelius Resources  
Renee Birchall, John L. Walshe, Adam B. Bath, Jessica  M. 
Stromberg and Tina Shelton  
May 2019 
331Executive Summary  
 
The Mount Magnet Gold Camp lies within  in the Archaean Meekatharra -Wydgee Greenstone Belt in 
the Murchison Domain of the Youanmi Terrane. Th is study aims to improve the defin ition of the camp -
scale lithogeochemistry using a handheld portable X -ray fluorescence (pXRF) instrument and 
investigate the alteration paragenesis associated with gold mineralisation through integration of drill 
core logging, lithogeochemistry and automated mineral mapping using  a scanning electron 
microscope (SEM).  
Approximately 800 sample s were selected to rep resent both well-endowed regions , and distal zones 
across  the camp. Each of the samples were  scanned using a Tescan Integrated Mineral Analyser (TIMA 
SEM) , and portable X-ray Fluorescence (pXRF)  measurements were acquired using an Olympus Vanta 
on each sam ple, by CSIRO and Ramelius Resources. Infill pXRF measurements between these key  
samples were also taken to improve the density of the dataset and help constrain the litho geochemical 
model.  
The lithogeochemi cally -classified mafic rock types mapped across the camp were consistent with the 
site geologist s’ logging apart from a small number of mafic -mineral -altered felsic -to-intermediate 
igneous  units . The felsic -to-intermedi ate rock types were more difficult to distinguish, and further 
work i s required for lithogeochemical classification by  pXRF. However, o verall , the lithogeochemical 
results provide key constraints required for interpreting the mineral zonation patterns obse rved in the 
SEM mineralogical dataset  and the integration of geochemistry with minera logical context resulted in 
the development of alteration paragenesis for two key areas in the camp.  
The background alteration paragenesis for felsic -to-intermediate  igne ous litho logies surrounding Au -
zones along a transect taken near to the Shannon depos it is characterised by three  events:  1) 
Albitisation  ± muscovite ± clinochlore , 2) Biotite and Ca -feldspar replacement of muscovite and 
clinochlore , and  3) Epidotisation ± muscovite ± clinochlore ± apatite.  The alteration paragenesis 
associated with gold m ineralisation  in this region is  characterised by f ive events , where the first, fourth 
and fifth event are Au -bearing : 1) Biotite and microcline ± calcite ± apatite ± pyrite ± Au , 2) Late -stage 
albitisation event (precursor to Au -mineralisation) , 3) Calcite  replacement of quartz ± pyrite ± rutile , 
4) Tourmaline after muscovite and calcite, pyrite, rutile ± Au , and  5) Clinochlore (overprinting wall rock 
and cal cite and quartz veining), ± biotite ± rutile ± pyrite ± hematite_magnetite , ± Au .   
The alteration p aragenesis for mafic igneous intrusive and extrusive lithologies within the  Au-zones 
along a transect in the Morning Star deposit is characterised by 5 even ts, where the final two events 
are associated with Au mineralisation : 1) Silicification, Ca -feldspar  metamorphic overprint , 2) 
Albitisation + muscovite after albite , 3) Calcite replacement of quartz, pyrite, rutile ± anhydrite , 4) 
Tourmaline after muscovite and/or calcite, pyrite, rutile ± pyrrhotite ± Au , and  5) Clinochlore 
(overprinting calcite and qua rtz veining), calcite dissolution ± biotite ± rutile ± pyrite ± pyrrhotite , ± 
Au. The SEM mineral mapping allowed interpretatio n of the alteration mineral temporal relationships 
and key  gold mineralisation assemblages,  which include  K-feldspar  and biotite,  tourmaline  and 
muscovite  and late clinochlore  overprinting assemblages . 
Mineral zoning patterns for  these minerals in addition  to other  feldspars,  Ti-phases,  carbonates , 
quartz, micas,  chlorite group minerals , tourmaline, sulphates, sulphides, epidote gro up minerals  and 
amphiboles were mapped and are connected to the se key alteration assemblages. Identifying zones 
that link up wi th the gold mineralised alteration assemblages  is key  for identifying prospective regions . 
For example , the muscovite (and tourma line) zonation patterns  indicate acidic conditions that can act 
332to precipitate gold transported in alkaline fluids entering th e system.  An understanding of alteration 
mineral paragenesis provides integral  insights into fluid properties at the time of gold deposition.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
333Table of Contents  
 
Executive Summary  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ . 1 
Figures  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ .....................  5 
Tables  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ......................  9 
1 Introduction  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ .......  10 
1.1 Geological Setting  ................................ ................................ ................................ .......................  11 
2 Lithog eochemistry  ................................ ................................ ................................ .............................  12 
2.1 Introducti on ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................  12 
2.2 Characterisation of the Lithogeochemistry  ................................ ................................ ................  12 
2.3 Comparison to Site Lithology Logging  ................................ ................................ .........................  15 
3. SEM Mineral Mapping ................................ ................................ ................................ .......................  19 
3.1 Introd uction  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................  19 
3.2 Alteration Assemblages in the Igneous Felsic/Intermediate Units Along and Proximal to the 
Shannon Transect  ................................ ................................ ................................ .............................  20 
3.2.1 Background Albitisation (Sodic Alteration Dista l to Au Mineralisation)  ..............................  22 
3.2.2 Biotite and Calcium -Rich Feldspar (Calcic Alteration Distal to Au Mineralisation)  ..............  26 
3.2.3 Epidotisat ion of Plagioclase Feldspars ± Apatite ± Hematite_Magnetite (Acidic Alteration 
Distal to Au Mineralisation)  ................................ ................................ ................................ ..........  28 
3.2.4 Biotite and Microcline ± Calcite ± Apatite ± Pyrite (Calcic -Potassic Alteratio n Proximal to 
Au Mineralisation) ................................ ................................ ................................ .........................  31 
3.2.5 Late -Albitisation Event + Muscovite ± Microcline (Sodic -Acid -Potassic Alteration Proximal 
to Au Mineralisation)  ................................ ................................ ................................ ....................  34 
3.2.6 Quartz Dissolution, Calcite Precipitation (Alkaline Fluid Alteration Proximal to Au 
Mineralisation)  ................................ ................................ ................................ ..............................  36 
3.2.7 Tourmaline, Pyrite and Rutile (Acid Alteration Proximal t o Au Mineralisation)  ..................  37 
3.2.8 Clinochlore Overprinting Quartz/Calcite Veins (Alkaline Fluid Alteration Proximal to Au 
Mineralisation)  ................................ ................................ ................................ ..............................  39 
3.3 Alteration Patterns in Au -Mineralised Zone of MSD0056  ................................ ..........................  41 
3343.3.1 Silicification and Metamorphic Ca -Feldspar Overprint Event (Silica -Ca-Alteration)  ...........  43 
3.3.2 Albitisation of Metamorphic Ca -Feldspar Overprint, Muscovite Replacement of Albite ± 
Apatite ± Pyrite (Sodic -Acid Alteration)  ................................ ................................ ........................  44 
3.3.3 Dissolution of Quartz, Calcite Pr ecipitation ± Hematite_Magnetite ± Chalcopyrite ± 
Anhydrite (Alkaline Fluid Alteration)  ................................ ................................ ............................  46 
3.3.4 Tourmaline Overprinting Muscovite ± Pyrite ± Rutile (Acid Alteration)  ..............................  48 
3.3.5 Clinochlore Overprinting Quartz/Carbonate Vein, Calcite dissolution ± Pyrrhotite ± Biotite 
(Alkaline Fluid Alteration)  ................................ ................................ ................................ .............  49 
3.4 Large -Scale Redox Gradients  (Comparison of Shannon and Morning Star Transects)  ...............  52 
3.5 Comparison of Mafic -Logged and Intermediate -pXRF -Classified Samples from GXRC0548 
(Shannon Transect)  ................................ ................................ ................................ ...........................  53 
3.6 Alteration Mineral Assem blages Associated with Gold Mineralisation  ................................ ...... 56 
4 Mineral Zonation Patterns Along the Shannon Transect  ................................ ................................ ... 59 
4.1 Mineral Zonation Patterns Proximal to Au Mineralisation  ................................ .........................  60 
Albite  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ .............  60 
Microcline  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ..... 60 
Muscovite  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ...... 60 
Muscovite_Phengitic  ................................ ................................ ................................ .....................  61 
Biotite  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ............  61 
Calcite  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ............  61 
Quartz  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ...........  61 
Rutile  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ .............  61 
Tourmaline  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ .... 61 
Clinochlor e ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ .... 61 
Dolomite  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ .......  61 
Pyrite  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ .............  61 
Hematite_Magnetite ................................ ................................ ................................ .....................  61 
4.2 Mineral Zonation Patterns Distal to Au Mineralisation  ................................ ..............................  62 
335Andesine  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ .......  62 
Anorthite  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ .......  62 
Ilmenite  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ .........  62 
Titanite  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ..........  62 
Chamosite  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ..... 62 
Apatite  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ...........  62 
Anhydrite  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ...... 62 
Epidote  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ..........  62 
Clinozoisite  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ .... 62 
Hornblende  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ... 62 
Actinolite_Mg  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................  62 
5 Summary and Future Work  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................  64 
6 Refere nces  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ .........  67 
 
Figures  
 
Figure 1 The project sample coverage (pXRF and SEM analyses) across Ramelius Resources' Mount 
Magnet camp, ~ 550 km NNE of Perth, Western Australia. Samples are indicated by the black 
squares.  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ .................  10 
Figure 2 The t erranes and domains of the Y ilgarn Craton, Van Kranendonk, Ivanic et al. (2013), 
modified after Cassidy, Champion et al. (2006). Mount Magnet is in the Murchison Domain within 
the Youanmi Terrane.  ................................ ................................ ................................ ...........................  11 
Figure 3 Preliminary li thogeochemical analysis using Zr*50, Cr*10 and Ti (ppm).  ..............................  13 
Figure 4 (a) Location of drill hole GXRC0548, which intersects the Apollo Porphyry, with lithologies 
separated with respect to Y conten t. All units classified into the Felsic -to-Intermediate Rock and 
Intermediate Rock are included in (b) and (c) and are separated with respect to Y concentration.  ... 14 
Figure 5 Downhole lithology lo g (completed by Ramelius), (b) and (c) S ilicon and yttrium trends down 
drill hole GXRC0548 respectively. (d) and (e) pXRF and SEM Y concentrations respectively. The 
precision of the pXRF below 5 ppm for Y should be ignored, higher values are more robust.  ............  14 
Figure 6 Location of the NE -SW-trending transect near the Shannon deposit, including downhole Au 
assay values for each. Drill hole collar locations are represen ted by the magenta spheres.  ...............  15 
336Figure 7 MSD0056E and MSD0056I drill hole location (magenta sphere) from the Morning Star 
transect, an  eastward -section -view and downhole Au values.  ................................ ............................  15 
Figure 8 Olympus Delta pXRF analyses completed by Ramelius that were acquired by R amelius 
Resources on site. The Olympus Delta unit is the predecessor to the Olympus Vanta unit used by 
CSIRO. The site Delta instruments are less precise when  compared to the Vanta instruments, so 
these datasets weren’t integrated fully into the pXRF datas ets acquired for this research.  ...............  16 
Figure 9 Comparison of pXRF classified lithology and the litho logy logging completed on site by 
Ramelius Resources for the Shannon NE -SW-trending transect.  ................................ .........................  17 
Figure 10 Comparison of pXRF classified lithologies compared to the lithologies logged on site by 
Ramelius Resources.  ................................ ................................ ................................ .............................  18 
Figure 11 Comparison of logged lithology onsite versus Y -concentration -separated  units, both with 
Au assays filtered from 3 g/t. The Y classification (b) has allowed discri mination of local variations in 
the dacitic units (a). A higher resolution of pXRF measurements in (b) would have improved the 
identification of the dolerite intrus ions depicted in (a).  ................................ ................................ .......  18 
Figure  12 Background albitisation/diagenetic alteration assemblage overprinting a primary dacitic 
unit, whic h is characterised by a background albitisation + muscovite (after albite) + clinochlore + 
calcite. A. SEM phase map from GXRC1758 (60 m), B. Background a lbitisation event overprinting 
primary textures, reactions 1, 2 and 3 are present, C. Photograph of or iginal epoxy grain mount.  .... 23 
Figure 13 Temperature versus log aNa+-log aH+ with estimations o n conditions of the background 
albitisat ion event.  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ . 24 
Figure 14 Mole fraction of CO 2 (X CO 2) versus pH, with estimates of fluid compositions present during 
the background albitisation event and t he biotite/Ca -feldspar alteration assemblages.  ....................  25 
Figure 15 Biotite and calcium -rich feldspar alte ration assemblage overprinting background 
albitisation in a dacitic unit, which exhibits addition  of plagioclase feldspars andesine, oligoclase and 
anorthite and biotite (after muscovite). A. SEM phase map from GXRC1758 (40 m), B. Biotite and Ca -
rich felds par alteration assemblages overprinting background albitisation event (reaction 3), C. 
Photograph  of original epoxy grain mount.  ................................ ................................ ..........................  26 
Figure 16 Temperature versus X CO 2 with alteration early assemblage reactions circled and denoted 
on the diagram.  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ..... 27 
Figure 17 Epidote group mineral alteration assemblage, where plagioclase feldspars are altered to 
epidote group minerals. A. SEM phase map from GXRC0516 (175 m),  B. Epidote group minerals 
alteration assemblages, C. Photograph of original epoxy grain mount.  ................................ ..............  28 
Figure 18 Temperature versus log fugacity of CO 2 with anorthite - clinozoisite assemblages 
highlighted as a comparison to the early -stage epidote group assemblages stable at  higher 
temperatures with a reduction in the activity of anorthite.  ................................ ................................ . 29 
Figure 19 Log fO 2 versus log (fCO 2 (g) + fCH 4 (g)), where f CO 2 = redox. The addition of 
hematite_magnetite and epidote grou p minerals may indicate a more oxidised fluid/environment, 
and the t ransition from pyrite to pyrrhotite would represent a more reduced environment.  ...........  30 
337Figure 20 Chlorite -biotite, muscovite -microc line a lteration assemblages, characterised by system pH 
and temperature changes. A. SEM phase map from GXRC0548 (100 m),  B. Biotite after chlorite 
(reaction 3), microcline after muscovite (reaction 5) temporal relationships, C. Photograph of original 
epoxy  grain  mount.  ................................ ................................ ................................ ...............................  31 
Figure 21 Chlorite -biotite, muscovite -microcline alteration assemblages, characterised by system pH 
and temperature change s. A. SEM phase map from GXRC0548 (160 m), B. Biotite af ter chlorite 
(reaction 3), microcline after muscovite (reaction 5) temporal relationships, C. Photograph of original 
epoxy grain mount.  ................................ ................................ ................................ ...............................  32 
Figure 22 Biotite/anorthite, microcline/clinochlore asse mblages. These assemblages are the first 
alteration stage associated with gold mineralisation.  ................................ ................................ ..........  33 
Figure 23 Late albitisation event, possible gold precursor, completely flooding the host rock. Qu artz 
instability is evident (B). A. SEM phase map from GXRC0548 (302.9 m),  B. Late -stage albitisation 
causing dissolution of quartz (reaction 6), C. Photograph of original location of diamond core SEM 
mount.  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ...................  34 
Figure 24 Late -stage albitisation alteration assemblage effectively flooding the system, insert shows 
what appears to be albite replacing quartz, also showing overprinting where microcline replacing 
muscovite ( after albitisation). A. SEM ph ase map from GXRC0548 (236.7 m),  B. Late -stage albitisation 
(reaction 6) causing dissolution of quartz with microcline (after muscovite, reaction 7) overprinting 
the albite, reaction 2 (muscovite after albite is in the matrix) , C. Photograph of original lo cation of 
diamond core SEM mount.  ................................ ................................ ................................ ...................  35 
Figure 25 Evidence of quartz dissolution (reaction 9), muscovite a fter albite (reaction 7) ± pyrite ± 
rutile. A. SEM phase map from GXRC0548 (278.4 m),  B. Qua rtz dissolution event (reaction 8), calcite 
replacement of quartz (reaction 9), C. Photograph diamond core epoxy mount.  ...............................  36 
Figure 26 Log fugacity of O 2 versus KCl/NaCl after Frikken, Cooke et al.  (2005). The addition of 
tourmaline (in the tourmaline assemblage associated with Au) would approximately follow the 
muscovite -schorl stability line circled above.  ................................ ................................ .......................  37 
Figure 27 Pervasive Stage 3b  where tourmaline is replacing  calcite + pyrite and rutile. A. SEM phase 
map from GXRC0548 (278.4 m),  B. Quartz dissolution event (reaction 8), calcite replacement of 
quartz (reaction 9), muscovite after albite (reaction 2), tourmaline replacing muscovite and/or 
plagioclase feldspars, C. Photograph diamond core epoxy mount.  ................................ .....................  38 
Figure 28 GXDD0056 -132.8 – late-stage chlorite overprinting with even later biotite ± 
hema tite_magnetite. A. SEM phase map  from GXDD0056 (132.8 m),  B. Calcite dissolution event with 
overprinting of clinochlore ± hematite_magnetite, C. Photograph diamond core epoxy mount.  .......  40 
Figure 29 Silicification event (precursor to the mineralisation event) with Ca -rich plagioclase feldspar 
overprint (anorthite, andesine). A, SEM phase map from MSD0056E (1400.8 m),  B. System saturated 
with silica, matrix predominantly quartz, anorthite and andesine overprint, C. Photograph of 
diam ond core epoxy mount for MSD0056E -1400.8.  ................................ ................................ ............  43 
Figure 30 Na -rich plagioclase feldspar and albite starting to replace Ca -rich plagioclase feldspars 
(anorthite and andesine) see reaction 1. A. SEM ph ase map fr om MSD0056E (1348.85 m),  B. Na -rich 
338plagioclase feldspar albite after Ca -rich plagioclase feldspars (reaction 1), C. Photograph of diamond 
core epoxy mount MSD0056E -1348.85.  ................................ ................................ ...............................  44 
Figure 3 1 Albitisation event replacing plagioclase vein (reaction 1), (prior to reaction 2 muscovite 
alteration). A. SEM phase map from MSD0056E (1262.5 m),  B. Albite (after Ca -plagioclase) veining 
(reaction 1) o verprinted by muscovite ± pyrite (reaction 2), C. Ph otograph of diamond core epoxy 
mount for MSD0056E -1262.5.  ................................ ................................ ................................ ..............  45 
Figure 32 Muscovite replacement of Ca -rich plagioclase feldspars anorthite and andesine (reaction 
2). A. SEM phase map from MSD0056E ( 1324.48 m),  B/ Muscovite after Ca -feldpsars (reaction 2), C. 
Photograph of diamond core epoxy mount for MSD0056E -1324.48.  ................................ ..................  45 
Figure 33 Dissolution of quartz: Calcite and anhydrite replacement. A.  SEM phase map from 
MSD0056E (1348.95 m),  B. Quartz dissolution event (reaction 8), replaced by calcite (reaction 9) and 
anhydrite and evidence of albitisation event (reaction 1), C. Photograph of diamond core epoxy 
mount MSD0056E -1348.95.  ................................ ................................ ................................ ..................  46 
Figure 34 Dissolution of quartz: Calcite and anhydrite replacement. A. SEM phase map from 
MSD0056E (1350.4 m),  B. Quartz dissolution event (reaction 8), replaced by calcite (reaction 9) and 
anhydrite, C. Phot ograph of diamond core epoxy mount MSD0056E -1350.4.  ................................ .... 47 
Figure 35 Tourmaline replacement of muscovite and/or cal cite with pyrite. A. SEM phase map from 
MSD0056E (1397.1 m),  B. Tourmaline overprint ing muscovite (and possibly calcite) alteration 
assemblage, C. Photograph of diamond core epoxy mount MSD0056E -1397.1.  ................................ . 48 
Figure 36 Clinochlore overprinting of quartz/calcite vein (reaction 8 and  12), calcite dissolution event 
(reaction 10). A. SEM phase map from MSD0056E (1284.7 m),  B. Calcite dissolut ion event (reaction 
10) with overprinting of clinochlore (reaction 8 and 12), C. Photograph of diamond core epoxy 
mount MSD0056E -1284.7.  ................................ ................................ ................................ ....................  50 
Figure 37 Clinochlore overprinting (reaction 8 and 13) with biotite crystallisation after clinochlore 
(reaction 13), pyrrhotite replacing pyrite, indicative of a redox shift (Figure 19). A. SEM phase ma p 
from MSD0056E (1356.45 m),  B. Biotite after clinochlore, pyrrhotite after pyrite, C. Photograph of 
diamond core epoxy mount MSD0056E -1356.45.  ................................ ................................ ................  50 
Figure 38 Calc ite dissolution (reaction 10), cli nochlore overprinting veins and matrix (reaction 8 and 
12, 14), biotite crystallisation after clinochlore (reaction 13) and pyrrhotite after pyrite assemblages. 
A. SEM phase map from MSD0056E (1329.85 m),  B. Calcite dissol ution (reaction 10), biotite after  
clinochlore and pyrrhotite after pyrite, C. Photograph of diamond core epoxy mount MSD0056E -
1329.85.  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ................  51 
Figure 39 All assemblages for Au, redox shifting pyrite to pyrrhotite. A. SEM phase map fr om 
MSD0056E (1324.5 m),  B. Redox effect where the pyrite to pyrrhotite transition represents a more 
reduced environment (see Appendix Figure 19), C. Photograph diamond core epoxy mount.  ...........  52 
Figure  40 Comparison of pXRF classification and site logging, alteration assemblages indicate the 
protol ith was of intermediate composition magma origin rather than mafic (dolerite) origin. The 
sample also contains evidence for late -stage tourmaline and clinochl ore overprinting assemblages. 
339A. SEM phase map from GXRC0548 (180 m),  B. Late -stage alteration ass emblages involving 
amphibole alteration products, C. Photograph diamond core epoxy mount.  ................................ ..... 54 
Figure 41 Comparison of pXRF classificat ion and site logging, alteration assemblages indicate the 
protolith was of intermediate composition magma origin rather than mafic (dolerite) origin. A. SEM 
phase map from GXRC0548 (190 m),  B. Late -stage alteration assem blages involving amphibole 
alteration products, C. Photograph diamond core epoxy mount.  ................................ ........................  54 
Figure 42 Temperature versus log X CO 2 and the reaction (reaction 14 in this report) for the 
amphibole -Ca-feldspar alteration associated in GXRC0548 (180 and 190 m).  ................................ ..... 55 
Figure 43 GXRC0548 (A and B) and GXRC1758 (C and D), high -grade Au samples. These samples 
exhibit evidence for Au mineralising ass emblages (tourmaline ± clinochlore assemblages).  ..............  57 
Figure 44 GXRC1719 (E and F) high -Au samples. These samples exhibit evidence for the biotite and 
microcline Au mineralising assemblage.  ................................ ................................ ...............................  57 
Figure 45 MSD0056E (G and H) and MSD0056I (I and J) high grade gold samples. These samples 
exhibit evidence for Au mineralising assemblages (tourmaline ± clinochlore assemblages).  ..............  58 
Figure 46 Lithology logging for Shannon transect for reference to Inverse Distance Weighted 
interpolated grids.  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ . 59 
Figure 47 GXRC0548 downhole SEM min eral zoning patterns for titanium, sulphide, feldspar and 
chlorite/amphibole silicates mineral groups normalised to 100% Comparing the normalised bar 
graphs in this figure, IDW illustrates the improvement with respect to effective data visualisation due 
to the enhancement of zones with anomalous data with respect to values within the drill hole and 
relative to other drill holes in the transect.  ................................ ................................ ..........................  60 
Figure 48 Inverse distance weighted (IDW) interpol ated grids for feldpsars (B -E), titanium phases (F -
H), and calcite (I) compared with Au (A).  ................................ ................................ ..............................  63 
 
Tables  
Table 1 Alteration paragenesis for Shannon transect and nearby dri ll holes. Au mineralisation is 
associated with primarily with the biotite and microcline, tourmaline after muscovite and calcite and 
the final clinochlore overprinting assemblages. Sulphide association is predominantly with pyrite ± 
hematite_magnetite.  ................................ ................................ ................................ ............................  21 
Table 2 Alteration minerals associated with mafic igneous units fr om MSD0056 (Morning Star 
transect).  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ...............  42 
Table 3 Alteration assemblage s associated with high -Au from Shannon and MSD transect. Letters A-J 
correspond to the TIMA mineral maps in Figures 42 -44. ................................ ................................ ..... 56 
Table 4 Alteration assemblages, styles and inferred fluid chemistry f or the Shannon transect.  .........  65 
Table 5 Alteration assemblages, styles and inferred fluid chemistry for the Shannon transect.  .........  65 
3401 Introduction  
 
In mid-2018 , a field ca mpaign was conducted on site with Ramelius Resources , as a part of the multi -
sponsor MRIWA 494 project,  to collect samples for pXRF and SEM analyses . This was done in an effort  
to develo p an integrated mineral system framework  for the camp to  allow  better navigation of the 
mineral system for future exploration work.  
The majority of the pXRF analyses were completed onsite, a s well as  independently by Ramelius 
Resources  onsite, while the preparation for SEM  mineral mapping  analyses was done at CSIRO’s 
Austral ian Resources Research Centre in Perth.  
The pXRF sample suite encompassed the following deposits and corresponding drill holes:  
▪ Morning Star: MS-6D-27, MSD0043A,  MSD0056 E and MSD0 056I, 
▪ Water Tank Hill: GXRC1315 , 
▪ Milky Way: GXDD0046 , 
▪ Shannon: GXRC1367,  GXRC0548,  GXRC0527, GXDD0062,  GXRC0516, GXRC1757 and 
GXDD0056 , 
▪ Stellar: GXDD0052 , 
▪ Lone Pine: SUD757 and SUP1084 . 
SEM mineral mapping was completed on each sample from these drill hole s and on an additional 
selection of air core drill holes from east of the St ellar deposit  and south of Boomer and west of Black 
Cat South . Collar locations for the sample set (pXRF and SEM) are depicted in Figure 1.  
 
 
Figure 1 The project sample coverage (pXRF and  SEM analyses) across Ramelius Resources' Mount Magnet  camp , ~ 550 km 
NNE of Perth, Western Australia.  Samples  are indicated by the black squares.  
3411.1 Geological Setting  
 
The Mount Magnet gold camp is located in the  volcanic sequences of the Luke Creek Gr oup of the 
Archaean Meekatharra -Wydgee Greenstone Belt ~550 km north -northeast of Perth, Western 
Australia  (Figure 2). Locally, the Boogardie Synform is host to these volcanic sequences, which include 
ultramafic, ma fic, intermediate  and felsic  units , and sedimentary suites of banded -iron formations 
(BIFs), c herts , subordinate sediments  and late -stage intrusive granitoid bodies  (Cudahy, Yang et al. 
1996) . The volcano -sedimentary sequenc es are intruded by granitic  units , including batholiths, stocks 
and deform ed granitic gneisses  (Cudahy, Yang et al. 1 996) , yielding a higher grade metamorphic 
signature near the granitic  units  with respect to  the average mid-greenschist facies metamorphic 
grade in the  centre of the  greenstone . Mineralisation with in the gold camp is predominantly hosted 
in the BIF s, with  the minor  mineralisation occurring as quart z veins associated with the mafic and felsic 
volcanic and  felsic volcaniclastic units.   
 
 
Figure 2 The terranes and domains of the Yilgarn Craton, Van K ranendonk, Ivanic et al. (2013) , mod ified after Cassidy, 
Champion et al. (2006) . Mount Magnet is in the Murchiso n Domain within the Youanmi Terrane . 
  
3422 Lithogeochemistry  
 
2.1 Introduction  
 
Portable X -ray Fluorescence analyses (pXRF) were taken approximately every 10 m on more than 50 0 
diamond drill core and RC chip sample s. The data acquired with a pXRF unit enable s characterisation 
of the lithogeochemistry, which assists in refining the  volcani c lithostratigraphy , and in turn  informing 
our understanding of the relationships between t he mineral zonation patterns uncovered with SEM 
analys is. An additional dataset, acquired by Ramelius Resources, was considered in this report but not 
fully integrated with the CSIRO dataset  due to differences in  acquisition  instrumentat ion. 
An Olympus Vanta  pXRF instrument , which possesses a 5 0 kV, 4-Watt  rhodium (Rh)  and tungsten (W)  
X-ray tube and a large -area Silicon Drift Detector , was used for acquiring the lithogeochemical data . 
The pXRF measurements were checked against 11 known standard s that are matrix -matched and 
relevant to the depos it style , however the data presented in this report is uncalibrated against the 
standards . The i nstrument drift was also monitored across the duration of acquisition per day.  
Improvements in pXRF instrumen tation in recent years has increased the validity o f these datasets, 
particularly for measurements acquired on greenstone material.  The s amples that were selected for  
SEM analyses were also analysed with the pXRF instrument  (see Figure 1), and additional 
measurement s between these were taken to get a higher data density to improve the 
lithogeochemical model.   
 
2.2 Characterisation of the Lithogeochemistry  
 
Ratios of immobile elements zirconium (Zr), chromium (Cr) and titanium (Ti) and are commonly used 
to reliably cl assify igneous rock types  (e.g., Walshe, Bath et al. (2014) ), and were used as a first pass 
to break out the lithologies encoun tered within the sample set (see  Figure 3). The mafic units are 
clustered  along the Cr fractionation trend (ultramafic through low -Cr mafic) and interme diate -to-felsic  
units (intermediate to felsic -to-intermediate rock) can be grouped along the Ti fractionation trend  
(Figure 3). The mafi c units with low - to-intermediate Cr contents are analogous with basaltic and 
dolerite units described in Ramelius Resources’ logging codes respectively. However, t he Felsic -to-
Intermediate Rock units, corresponding with  felsic -to-intermediate  composition  porphyries in th e 
logging , are  more  difficult to distinguish  using these elements . This is because Cr values are depleted 
in a melt through fractional crystallisation as it evolves allowing the crystallisation of more felsic 
minerals . As a result,  other  more felsic  elements are required to differentiate the lithostratigraphy of 
felsic -to-intermediate volcanic units  (e.g., Y, Si, Al).  
343 
Figure 3 Preliminary lithogeochemical analysis using Zr*50, Cr*10 and Ti (ppm) . The classification scheme used in this figure 
was generated  on data density zoning  along the Cr  and Ti  fractionation trend s. 
 
Upon further inte rrogation of the dataset, two distinct groups can be identified within the more felsic -
to-intermediate /intermediate  rock units using the abundance of  yttrium  (Y) with respect to silicon (Si) 
and aluminium (Al).  This chemical differentiation was particularl y interesting in drill hole GXRC0548  
(Figure 4), which intersec ts the Apollo Porphyry . The lithology logging reflects I DZ (Intermediate, 
Dacite, Undifferentiated), with zones of porphyritic texture (IDF), consistent ly along the drill hole. One 
possible explanation for the variation in Y values  downhole  with respect to  the Si and Al concentrations 
could  reflect ion the  fractionat ion (felsic)  of the igneous  body where it is more fractionated t owards 
the centre of the fl ow, i.e. the higher amounts of Si in the rock, the lower the Y content . The Y content 
might also reflect an alteration halo from the mafic -altered units within the dacite (IDF) unit, which 
will be discussed in a later section of this report.   
The Au minera lisation  in this  drill hole  occurs in regions of  low Y values and  may h ave further 
implications for favouring gold mineralisation.  Further  detailed analyses  are required to  determine 
whether th is relationship substantiates , however the Y element mass  (conv erted to ppm for 
comparison)  derived from SEM analyses can be co mpared to Y values derived from pXRF analyses in  
Figure 5 and supports this observation . Downhole plots of Al and Si have been included for reference.  
The local  variability within the low Y values from the pXRF (~220 m – EOH) are due to the limit of 
detection of Y for the pXRF unit  in which values are  reliable above 5 ppm ( Said and Kerrich (2009) ; 
(Barnes, Van Kranendonk et al. 2012) ). 
344 
Figure 4 (a) Location of drill  hole  GXRC0548 , which intersects the Apollo Porphyry,  with lithologies separated with respect to 
Y content.  All units classified into the Felsic -to-Intermediate Rock and Intermediate Rock are included in (b) and (c) and are 
separated with respect to Y concentra tion.  
 
Figure 5 Downhole lithology log (completed by Ramelius), (b) and (c) Silicon and yttrium trends down drill hole GXRC0548 
respectively. (d) and (e) pXRF and SEM Y concentrations respectively. The precision of the pXRF below 5 ppm for Y should be 
ignored, higher v alues are mo re robust.  
(c) 
(b) 
(a) 
        (a)                                  (b)                             (c)                          (d)                             (e) 
267.64 - 268.4 m  
Au = 33.8 g/t  
3452.3 Comparison to Site Lithology Logging  
 
Two  transects were selected for  detailed  interpretation of the pXRF  data  due to their repeatability 
across lithogeochemical and SEM datasets, spatial re lationships, data density as well as ease of 
projection for IDW gridding, which will be discussed later in this report . The first, a  ~10 km  north -east -
trending tr ansect  from near the Shannon Pit  (Figure 6), which co mprises four RC drill holes (GXRC0548 
is an RC drill hole with a diamond tail). The second focusses on the diamond drill hole MSD0056 (E and 
I) located south of the Morning Star pit, slightly west of the Black Cat South pit ( Figure 7). The se 
sections represent the bulk  of the mineralised units within the Mount Magnet camp as well as most 
of the lithological groups  across the camp.  
 
Figure 6 Location of the NE -SW-trending transect near  the Shannon deposit, including downhole Au  assay values for each . 
Drill hole collar locations are represented by the magenta spheres.  
 
Figure 7 MSD0056E and MSD0056I drill hole location  (magenta sphere) from the Morning  Star transect,  an eastward -
section -view and downhole Au values.  
346The lithological classification comparison of pXRF and site logging for the Shannon transect is displayed 
in Figure 9. As mentioned in the previous section the Inter mediate and Felsic -to-Intermediate rock 
types are broadly grouped but correspond well to the intermediate (and likely felsic) rock types seen 
at Mount Magnet, more specifically the Boogardie Basin Porphyries and Internal Granite.  
The large number of sample s which are in the Default Colour  (black ) were analysed with an Olympus 
Delta unit, the predecessor to the Olympus Vanta unit. Due to the inherent limitation in  ability  of the 
Delta  to characterise  lighter elements, and lower precision tha n the Vanta, it was not possible to 
separate these lithologies any further. However, the Delta unit was consistent in identifying the more 
mafic rock types , particularly the ultramafic lithologies. The scatter and  low precision of the Delta 
datasets can be seen in Figure 8 and compared with the more precise dataset from the Vanta in Figure 
3. 
 
 
Figure 8 Olympus Delta pXRF analyses completed by Ramelius  that were acqui red by Ramelius Resources on site. The 
Olympus Delta unit is the predecessor to the Olympus Vanta unit used by CSIRO. The site Delta instruments are less precise 
when compared to the Vanta  instruments,  so these datasets weren’t integrated f ully into the pX RF datasets acquired for 
this research.  The classification scheme used in this figure was generated  on data density zoning  along the Cr  and Ti  
fractionation trend s. 
 
347 
Figure 9 Comparison of pXRF classified lithology and the lithology logging completed on site by R amelius Resources  for the 
Shannon NE -SW-trending transect . 
 
Comparison of t he lithological  classification  between the  pXRF data interpretation and site lithology 
logging for the Morning Star section involving MSD0056E and MS D0056I can be seen in Figure 10. The 
pXRF classification matched the logging completed onsite  well for the mafic units and less accurately 
for the intermediate units ( Figure 10). A higher density of data wo uld be required to separate these 
units more effectively, but for the purpose of this research the results are adequate.  
The further discrimination of the intermediate -type  rock types  outlined in the previous section  (Y 
classification  of GXRC0548 from the Shannon transect  in Figure 4), can add value in refining the rock 
types (see Figure 11), but more data from a more accurate  pXRF is required to improve these 
classifications.   
An interesting observation along drill hole GXRC0548 ( Figure 11) is the pXRF lithogeochemical 
classification of the site logged dolerite (mafic igneous) unit. The chemistry differs significantly to a 
rock of mafic  igneous origins. These intervals and further observations will be discussed after the 
Mineral Mapping section of this report.  
 
 
 
348 
Figure 10 Comparison of pXRF classified lithologies compared to the lithologies logged on site by  Ramelius Resources.  
   
 
Figure 11 Comparison of logged lithology onsite versus Y -concentration -separated units, both  with Au assays filtered from 3 
g/t. The Y classification (b) has allowed discrimination of local variations in the dacitic units (a). A higher resolution of pXRF 
measurements in (b) would have improved the identification of the dolerite intrusions depicte d in (a).  
IAZ 
     (a)  IDF 
IAZ 
     (b)  
3493. SEM Mineral Mappin g 
 
3.1 Introduction  
 
Understanding m ineral zoning patterns  and the paragenetic re lationships between associated 
alteration mineral s, are key to understanding gold mineralisation, by providing insights into the  
understanding of  fluid chemistry present at the time of gold deposition.  Modern SEM technology has 
made these datasets readily available due to automated mineralogy instrumentation. Combi ning 
mineralogical datasets with lithogeochemical datasets provides  an even deeper understanding into 
mineral zoning patterns and why gold precipitates where it does, as the protolith mineralogy impacts  
some of the key -alteration assemblages.  
After the drill core was scanned with the pXRF instrument for  the lithogeoch emical analys es, 
additional samples were systematically selected fo r SEM analyses.  Approximately 800 samples of 
diamond drill core an d RC chip samples were analysed in this project,  and both sample types were set 
in 25 mm epoxy resin  mounts and polished  before analysis . The samples were generally positioned 
away from vein material to  accurately  capture  the alteration  minerals present in  the host rock , 
however some additional samples were taken at the edges of vein material, particularly in areas where 
gold assays were high est, to identify any interesting phases that formed in  the vein material . 
The Tescan Integrated Mineral Analyser (TIM A) software paired with a Mira TescanTM field emission 
gun (FEG ) SEM and three EDAX silicon -drift detectors was used to X -ray map the samples. The 
resolution of the maps was set at 12 microns, which resulted in a run time of around 40 minutes for 
the RC ch ip samples and 80 minutes for  the diamond core samples.  Unclass ified pixels (white, 
uncoloured pixels in the panorama images) are usually a result of mixed spectra due to the SEM 
scanning over a grain boundary. The 12-micron  resolution minimises this inter ference and  is the best 
resolution for the scan time for the  grain sizes encountered at the Mount Magnet camp.  The modal 
mineralogy result s underpin  the basis of this section and allowed the interpretation of the paragenetic 
relationships that were present  during gold mineralisation  events  and more distal and backg round 
metamorphic events.  
  
3503.2 Alteration Assemblages  in the Igneous  Felsic /Intermediate Units  Along and 
Proximal to the Shannon Transect  
 
The following table  (Table 1) summarises the alteration minerals and temporal relationships observed 
in the drill  holes from  the Shannon Transect outlined in the lithogeochemical section of this report 
(Figure 6). Temporal o bservations have been made around the background or distal metamorphic 
history, as well as minerali sation events associated with the samples from this transect, resulting in 
five major alteration assemblages. In this dataset, g old mineralisation appears to be associated with 
the three  of these  alteration assemblages  (in bold) , which are characterised by:  
- Biotite and microcline ± calcite ± apatite ± pyrite  ± Au , 
- Late -stage albitisation  (precursor to Au -mineralisation) , 
- Calcite replacement of quartz ± pyrite ± rutile,  
- Tourmaline a fter muscovite and calcite , pyrite, rutile ± Au,  
- Clinochlore (overprinting wall rock and calcite and quartz veining), ± biotite ±  rutile  ± 
pyrite  ± hematite_magnetite  ± Au . 
Note s:  
▪ The term distal in this report applies  to assemblages not associated with g old mineralisation 
and the  term proximal applies to assemblages associated with gold mineralisation , 
▪ For simplicity, r eactions described in each section are written as end -members of  the 
respective  solid solution series , 
▪ Minerals hematite and magnetite are  quite difficult to differ entiate us ing the automated 
mineral mapping setting on the SEM  due to their similar chemical composition , therefore 
they’re displayed as one mineral, but may be a combination of the two, or either.  
  
351Table 1 Alteration paragenesis for Shannon transect and nearby drill holes. Au mineralisation is associated with primarily 
with the biotite and microcline, tourmaline after muscovite and calcite and the final clinochlore overprinting assemblages. 
Sulphide associ ation is predominantly with pyrite ± hematite_magnetite.  
 
  
Time  (appro x) 
3523.2.1 Background Albitisation  (Sodic Alteration Distal to Au Mineralisation)  
 
The background alteration assemblages  observed at Mount Magnet  are typical of assemblages 
developed during diagenesis , and/ or while undergoing seafloor hydrothermal alteration . In this case 
the more calcic plagioclase feldspars  and potassic feldspars  from the igneous protolith  (andesine 
through to anorthite, and microcline ) have undergone an albitisation r eaction by the introduction  of 
a silica - and- sodium -rich hydrothermal fluid .  
The original porphyritic textures of the  plagioclase  and potassic  feldspars are relatively well-preserved,  
and the bulk mineralogy is not too dissimilar to the expected igneous protolith miner alogy.  The 
albitisation reaction occurring for the plagioclase feldspars would likely follow:  
1. Anorthite + Sodium Ions + Quartz ⇌ Albite + Calcium Ions  
1. CaAl 2Si2O8 + 2Na+ + 4SiO 2 ⇌ 2NaAlSi 3O8 +Ca2+ 
Then , post -albitisation, potassium ions ( K+) become mobilised  from the transition of potassic feldspars 
to sodic feldspars,  allowing precipitation of muscovite, which can also be describe d by: 
2. Albite + Potassium Ions + Hydrogen Ions ⇌ Muscovite + Sodium Ions + Quartz  
2. 3NaAlSi 3O8 + K+ + 2H+ ⇌ KAl 3Si3O10(OH) 2 + 3Na+ + 6SiO 2 
Calcite precipitation also occurs during th is albitisati on even t (left over from reaction 1) , as well as 
chlorite group minerals  (such as clinochlore and chamosite)  from  the more iron - and magnesium -rich-
minerals in the protolith  (pyroxene, amphibole and biotite  group minerals ).  
Biotite alteration may also cause titanium (Ti) phase changes to rutile and/or ilmenite  by mobi lising 
Ti. Calcium release during the  albitisation event may also allow the titanium bearing phase rutile to 
reprecipitate as  titanite.  
The reaction for clinoch lore and muscovite precipitation is  likely : 
3. Phlogopite (biotite Mg end -member) + Anorthite (pla gioclase Ca end -member) + CO 2 +H 2O 
⇌ Muscovite + Clinochlore + Calcite + Quartz  
3. 5KMg 3Si3AlO 10(OH) 2 + 8CaAl 2Si2O8 + 8CO 2 + 12H 2O ⇌ 5KAl 3Si3O10(OH) 2 + 3Mg 5Al2Si3O10(OH) 8 
+ 8CaCO 3 +7SiO 2 
In a phase diagram  developed to model these reactions of  temperature ver sus log activity of sodium  
per activity of hydrogen ions  (log (  aNa+/aH+)) (Figure 13), this alteration assemblage typically 
corresponds with low er temperature conditions ( ~325-350 oC), where the  mole fraction co ntours of 
anorthite  in plagioclase feldspar is around 0.01. Th is yield s a pH of ~7 -7.5 when cross -referenced with 
Figure 14, a mole fraction  of CO 2 (X CO 2) versus pH phase diagram.  
353 
Figure 12 Background albitisation/diagenetic  alteration assemblage overprinting a primary dacitic unit,  which is 
characterised by a background albitisation  + muscovite  (after albite)  + clinochlore + calcite . A. SEM phase map from 
GXRC175 8 (60 m) , B. Backgrou nd albitisation event overprinting primary textures,  reactions 1, 2 and 3  are present,  
C. Photograph of original epoxy grain mount.  
 
354 
Figure 13 Temperature versus log aNa+-log aH+ with estimations on conditions of the background a lbitisation event.  
Background Albitisation 
(Reactions 1, 2 and 3)  
355 
Figure 14 Mole fraction of CO 2 (X CO 2) versus pH, with estimates of fluid compositions present during the background 
albitisation event and the biotite/Ca -feldspar alteration assemblages.  
 
 
 
 
  
Background Albitisation (Reactions 1, 2 and 3)  
Biotite/Ca -Feldspar Assemblage (Reaction 3)  
3563.2.2 Biotite and Calcium -Rich Feldspar  (Calcic Alteration Distal to Au Mineralisation)  
 
The alteration assemblage found to post -date the background albitisation event is characterised by 
the formation  of slightly more calcic plagioclase feldspars (oligoclase and andesi ne towards anorthite) 
that ove rprint the background albitisation , and a transition of muscovite and  the chlorite group 
minerals to biotite group minerals. A possible reaction for biotite after muscovite and clinochlore 
could be:  
3. Muscovite + Clinochlore + C alcite + Quartz ⇌ Phlogopite (biotite Mg end -member) + 
Anorthite (plagioclase Ca end -member) + CO 2 +H 2O 
3. 5KAl 3Si3O10(OH) 2 + 3Mg 5Al2Si3O10(OH) 8 + 8CaCO 3 +7SiO 2 ⇌ 5KMg 3Si3AlO 10(OH) 2 + 8CaAl 2Si2O8 
+ 8CO 2 + 12H 2O 
This reaction  (the reverse reaction occur s in the seafloor alter ation stage) , resul ts in  more calcium -
rich plagioclase feldspars and biotite, and may be indicative of a temperature increase in the system 
(~410 -420 oC) and an X CO 2 in the fluid of around 0.1 (see  Figure 16), whic h provides an important 
constraint for  navigating the outer part of the system , as temperatures will increase towards key -Au-
zones . 
The t itanium -bearing phases rutile and titanite are stable at these diagenetic/ metamorphic 
conditions .  
 
 
Figure 15 Biotite and calcium -rich feldspar alteration assemblage overprinting background albitisation in a dacitic unit , 
which e xhibits addition of plagioclase feldspars andesine , oligoclase  and anorthite and  biotite (after mu scovite).  A. SEM 
phas e map from GXRC1758 (40 m) , B. Biotite and Ca -rich feldspar alteration assemblages overprinting background 
albitisation event  (reaction 3 ), C. Photograph of original epoxy grain mount.  
357 
Figure 16 Temperature versus X CO 2 with alt eration early assemblage reactions circled and denoted on the diagram.  
 
 
Biotite + Calcic Plag ioclase  
Background Albitisation  
3583.2.3 Epidot isation of Plagioclase Fel dspars  ± Apatite  ± Hematite_Magnetite  (Acidic Alteration 
Distal to Au Mineralisation)  
 
A second distal alteration event  is characterised  by the addition of the  epidote group mineral s 
(including but not limited to epidote and clinozoisite) , which are typical alteration products of 
plagioclase feldspars.  Reaction three has reversed again and would follow this direction:  
3. Phlogopite (biotite Mg end -mem ber) + Anorthite (plagioclase Ca end -member) + CO 2 +H 2O 
⇌ Muscovite + Clinochlore + Calcite + Quartz  
3. 5KMg 3Si3AlO 10(OH) 2 + 8CaAl 2Si2O8 + 8CO 2 + 12H 2O ⇌ 5KAl 3Si3O10(OH) 2 + 3Mg 5Al2Si3O10(OH) 8 
+ 8CaCO 3 +7SiO 2 
 And a  typical alteration reaction  for the epidote group minerals  would be:  
4. Anorthite + Calcite + H 2O ⇌ Clinozoisite + CO 2 
4. 3CaAl 2Si2O8 + CaCO 3 + H 2O ⇌ 2 Ca 2Al3Si3O12(OH) + CO 2 
The reduction in the activity of anorthite (and lower -Ca feldspars , such as andesin e) in this reaction 
would allow this reaction to  remain stable at higher temperatures  and for the precipitation of epidote 
as opposed to clinozoisite  (see Figure 18, ~420 oC).  
Titanium -bearing phases, r utile  and t itanite are stable  during this stage, and t he int roduction of 
sulphide s and hematite_magnetite along with the  epidote group mineral s may indicate a more 
oxidised fluid entering  the system , resulting in  a redox shift (see Figure 19). 
 
 
Figure 17 Epidote group mineral  alteration assemblage, where plagioclase feldspars are altered to epidote group minerals.  
A. SEM phase map from GXRC0516 (175 m),  B. Epidote group minerals alteration assemblages,  C. Photograph of original 
epoxy grain mount.  
359 
Figure 18 Temperature versus log fugacity of CO 2 with anorthite - clinozoisite assemblages highlighted as a comparison to 
the early -stage epidote group assemblages stable at higher temperatures with a reduction in the activity of a northite.  
 
360 
Figure 19 Log fO 2 versus log (fCO 2 (g) + fCH 4 (g)), where f CO 2 = redox. The addition of hematite_magnetite  and epidote group 
minerals may indicate a more oxidised fluid/environment, and t he transition from pyrite t o pyrrhotite would represent a 
more reduced environment.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
Epidote group 
assemblages ? 
3613.2.4 Biotite and Microcline  ± Calcite ± Apatite  ± Pyrite  (Calcic -Potassic Alteration  Proximal  to 
Au Mineralisation)  
 
The biotite and microcline alteration assemblages are the first of three  assemblages in the Shannon 
paragenesis that are found with gold mineralisation. The effect of an increase in X CO 2 in the system 
results in  reactions  3 (revers ing again) and 5 , occurring one after the other , and  resulting in the 
addition of microcline (K -feldspar) into the mineral assemblages : 
3. Muscovite + Clinochlore + Calcite + Quartz ⇌ Phlogopite (biotite Mg end -mem ber) + 
Anorthite (plagioclase Ca end -member) + CO 2 +H 2O 
3. 5KAl 3Si3O10(OH) 2 + 3Mg 5Al2Si3O10(OH) 8 + 8CaCO 3 +7SiO 2 ⇌ 5KMg 3Si3AlO 10(OH) 2 + 8CaAl 2Si2O8 
+ 8CO 2 + 12H 2O 
Then as X CO 2 decreases, and temperature increases:  
5. Biotite + Anorthite  + SiO 2 + CO 2 + H 2O ⇌ Microcline  + Clinochlore  + Calcite  
5. 5KMg 3Si3AlO 10(OH) 2 +3CaAl 2Si2O8 +3SiO 2 +3CO 2 +7H 2O ⇌ 5KAlSi 3O8 +3Mg 5Al2Si3O10(OH) 8 
+3CaCO 3 
Figure 22 outlines these two reactions which track either si de the muscovite -microcline stability line 
(8). 
Apatite , calcite , rutile and titanite ± ilmenite also accompany this assemblage.  In the ore zo ne of drill 
hole GXRC1719 ( 95-96 m) dolomite  also accompanies calcite. This is p ossibly due to a slightly lower 
temperature part of the system and/or higher magnesium concentration s present  in the host rock.  
 
 
Figure 20 Chlorite -biotite, muscovite -microcline alteration assemblages, characterised by system pH and temperature 
changes.  A. SEM ph ase map from  GXRC0548 (100 m),  B. Biotite after chlorite  (reaction 3) , microcline after muscovite 
(react ion 5) temporal relationships,  C. Photograph of original epoxy grain mount.  
 
362 
Figure 21 Chlorite -biotite, muscovite -microcline  alteration assemblages, characterised by system pH and temperature 
changes.  A. SEM phase map from  GXRC0548 (160 m),  B. Biotite after chlorite  (reaction 3) , microcline after muscovite  
(reaction 5)  temporal relationships,  C. Photograph of original epoxy gra in mount.  
363 
Figure 22 Biotite/anorthite, microcline/clinochlore assemblages. These assemblages are the first alteration stage associated 
with gold mineralisation.  
 
3643.2.5 Late -Albitisation Event + Muscovite ± Microcline  (Sodic -Acid -Potassic Alteration 
Proximal to Au Mineralisat ion) 
 
The next two sets  of assemblages  are precursors to the  final two  gold mineralisation  events.  Away 
from distal assemblages and metamorphic conditions,  a late a lbitisation event  is observed . This event 
is characterised by  albite flood ing the system  and replacing quartz . Locally, muscovite is replacing  
these  Na-rich feldspars  with the release of potassium  (in feldspar minerals)  from the pervasive 
albitisation event,  and microcline is replacing muscovite  (Figure 24). The albitisation reaction may 
occur as follows : 
6. Anorthite + Sodium Ions + Quartz ⇌ Albite + Calcium Ions  
6. CaAl 2Si2O8 + 2Na+ + 4SiO 2 ⇌ 2NaAlSi 3O8 +Ca2+ 
Then , post -albitisation K+ becomes mobilised , resulting in precipitation of muscovite, which can be 
described using reaction  2: 
2. Albite + Potassium Ions + Hydrogen Ions ⇌ Muscovite + Sodiu m Ions + Quartz  
2. 3NaAlSi 3O8 + K+ + 2H+ ⇌ KAl 3Si3O10(OH) 2 + 3Na+ + 6SiO 2 
Micr ocline crystallisation then follows in some  regions, and a  possible alteration reaction of muscovite 
to microcline would be:  
7. Muscovite + Calcite + SiO2 ⇌ Microcline + Anorthite + CO 2 + H2O 
7. KAl 3Si3AlO 10(OH) 2 + CaCO 3 + 2SiO 2 ⇌ KAlSi 3O8 + CaAl 2Si2O8 + CO 2 +H 2O 
Following line (8) on Figure 22, these event s occur at a temperature  of ~430  oC and X CO 2 of ~0.8  at P 
= 2 kbar. 
 
 
Figure 23 Late albitisation event, possible gold precursor, completely flooding the host rock. Quartz instability is evident (B).  
A. SEM phase map from  GXRC0548 (302.9 m),  B. Late -stage albitisation causing dissolution of quartz  (reaction  6), C. 
Photogr aph of original location of diamond core SEM mount.  
365 
Figure 24 Late -stage albitisation  alteration assemblage  effectively flooding the system,  insert shows what appears to be 
albite replacing quartz, also showing overprint ing where  microcline replacing muscovite  (after albit isation ). A. SEM phase 
map from  GXRC0548 (236.7 m),  B. Late -stage albitisation (reaction 6) causing dissolution of quartz with microcline (after 
muscovite , reaction 7) overprinting the a lbite,  reaction 2 (muscovi te after albite is in the matrix) , C. Photograph of original 
location of diamond core SEM mount.  
 
  
3663.2.6 Quartz Dissolution , Calcite Precipitation (Alkaline Fluid Alteration Proximal to Au 
Mineralisation)  
 
The second precursor alteration assemblage to the  final two  gold mineralisation  event s along the 
Shannon transect  is defined by a quartz dissolution and a calcite precipitation event that can be 
described by a change in the pH of the system (see H 4SiO 4 ⇌ H3SiO 4 react ion line on Figure 14). The 
quartz dissolution reaction likely follows:  
8. Quartz + H 2O ⇌ Deprotonated Silicic Acid + H+ 
8. SiO 2 +2H 2O ⇌ H3SiO 4- + H+ 
This is closely followed by c alcite precipitation in the presence of Ca2+ from  the previous  albitisation 
even t: 
9. Calcium Ions + Bicarbonate ⇌ Calcite + Hydrogen Ions  
9. Ca2+ + 2HCO 3- ⇌ CaCO 3 + H+ + HCO 3- 
The addition of alkaline fluids (pH > ~8.2, at  T = 450 oC and P = 2 kbar, see Figure 14) into the system 
may explain the dis sociation of quartz  due to instability of silicic acid  in alkaline condit ions and the 
subsequent  formation of  deprotonated silicic acid . 
 
 
Figure 25 Evidence of quartz dissolution  (reaction 9) , muscovite after albite  (reaction 7)  ± pyrite  ± rutile . A. SEM phase map 
from  GXRC0548 (278.4 m),  B. Quartz dissolution event  (reaction 8), calcite replacement of quartz  (reaction 9), C. 
Photograph diamond  core  epoxy mount . 
 
3673.2.7 Tourmaline, Pyrite and Rutile  (Acid Alteration Proximal to Au  Mineralisation)  
 
The second  observed gold -bearing  assemblage  along this transect  is characterised by  more pervasive  
replacement of albite  by muscovite , then tourmaline replacing muscovite (and possibly calcite ) ± 
pyrit e.  
Research from  Frikken, Cooke et al. (2005)  suggest that decreas ing the fugacity of O 2 (redox  state of 
the system ) with adequate amounts of boric acid (B(OH) 3) in the fluid, will allow tourmaline to become 
stable after muscovite.  The muscovite -tourmaline stability line is highlighted in Figure 26. 
 
 
Figure 26 Log fugacity of O 2 versus KCl/NaCl  after Frikken, Cooke et al. (2005) . The  addition of tourmaline (in the tourmali ne 
assemblage associated with Au) would approximately follow the muscovite -schorl stability line circled above.  
368 
Figure 27 Pervasive Stage 3b where tourmaline is replacing calcite + pyrite a nd rutile . A. SEM phase map from  GXRC054 8 
(278.4 m),  B. Quartz dissolution event  (reaction 8), calcite replacement of quartz  (reaction 9), muscovite after albite  
(reaction 2) , tourmaline replacing muscovite and/or plagioclase feldspars,  C. Photograph diamo nd core epoxy mount.  
  
3693.2.8 Clinochlore Overprinting Quartz/Calcite Veins (Alkaline Fluid Alteration Proximal to Au 
Mineralisation)  
 
The final event related  to gold mineralisation , and  the third gold -bearing event,  is characterised by  a 
very late c linochl ore overprint,  specifically  associated within  calcite/quartz veins  and/or sodic 
plagioclase feldspars (albite)  in the rock matrix , ± pyrite. Assuming  conditions are located near  the 
H2CO 3 ⇌ HCO 3- (carbonic acid dissociating to bicarbonate,  which effects calcite stability)  reaction  line 
on Figure 14, the reaction for the dissolution of calcite might be:  
10. Calcite + H 2O ⇌ Calcium hydroxide + Carbonic Acid + H+ 
10. CaCO 3 +2H 2O ⇌ Ca(OH) 2 + HCO 3- + H+ 
And possible reaction for clinochlore overprint ing albite matrix assemblages  is as follows : 
11. Albite + Magnesium Hydroxide + H 2O ⇌ Clinochlore + Sodium Hydroxide + Deprotonated  
Silicic Acid + H+ 
11. 2NaAlSi 3O8 + 5Mg(OH) 2 + 6H 2O ⇌ Mg 5Al2Si3O10(OH) 8 +2Na(OH) + 3H 3SiO 4 +3H+ 
For clinochlore overprinting quartz/calcite veins only, these two reactions would occur sequentially:  
8. Quartz + H 2O ⇌ Deprotonated Silicic Acid + H+ 
8. SiO 2 +2H 2O ⇌ H3SiO 4- + H+ 
And then:  
12. Deprotonated Silicic Acid + Magnesiu m Hydroxyl -Chloride + Hydroxoaluminium Ions  ⇌ 
Clinochlore + H2O + Chloride Ions  
12. 3H 3SiO 4- + 5Mg(OH)Cl + 2Al(OH) 4- ⇌ Mg 5Al2Si3O10(OH) 8 + 7H 2O + 5Cl- 
The biotite in the sample ( Figure 28) appears to have crystallised a fter the clinochlore , possibly as a 
part of a hydrolysis reaction within the clinochlore, conserving aluminium:   
13. Clinochlore + Potassium Ions + Magnesium Hydroxyl -Chloride + Deprotonated Silicic Acid ⇌ 
Biotite + Hydrogen Ions + Chloride Ions +H 2O 
13. Mg 5Al2Si3O10(OH) 8 + 2K+ + Mg(OH)Cl + 3H 3SiO 4- ⇌ 2KMg 3AlSi 3O10(OH) 2 + 12H+ + Cl- + 6H 2O 
The mineral assemblages present in this stage are a result of an alkaline fluid event. Alkaline fluids are 
the best transporter of gold and interactions with lower pH country roc k can result in  gold 
precipitation.  
370 
Figure 28 GXDD0 056-132.8 – late-stage chlorite overprinting with even later biotite ± hematite_magnetit e. A. SEM phase 
map from  GXDD0056 (132.8 m),  B. Calcite dissolution event with overprintin g of clinochlore ± hematite_magnetite,  C. 
Photograph diamond core epoxy mount.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
3713.3 Alteration Patterns in Au-Mineralised Zone of  MSD0056  
 
The following table ( Table 2) summarises the alteration minerals and tempora l relationships observed 
along drill holes MSD0056E  (Figure 7), the second transect studied in this report . Gold mineralisation 
appears to be associated with the  following  alteration assemblages , specifically the fi nal two , which 
are associated with the Au -bearing fluid event : 
- Silicification event,  Ca-feldspar metamorphic overprint,  
- Albitisation event + muscovit e after albite  
- Calcite replacement of quartz, pyrite, rutile ± anhydrite,  
- Tourmaline  after muscovite and/or  calcite , pyrite, rutile ± pyrrhotite ± Au,  
- Clinochlore (overpr inting calcite and quartz veining), calcite dissolution  ± biotite ± rutile ± 
pyrite ± pyrrhotite  ± Au . 
Almost all SEM sample s represented  in this section shows all these events, however the sta ges are 
relatively well -preserved throughout the sample s chosen  from MSD0056.  The dataset used to 
interpret the alteration assemblages associated with the mafic lithologies was limited to the Morning 
Star section (MSD0056).  There are no distal relationship s described in this section a s these drill holes 
are located di rectly in the gold zone.  The alteration assemblages closely follow those of the first 
transect at Shannon, however there are slight differences, which will be discussed in this section and 
in the summary  of results  (section 5) . 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
372Table 2 Alteration minerals associated with mafic igneous units from MSD0056 (Morning Star transect).  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Time  (appro x) 
3733.3.1 Silicification  and Metamorphic Ca -Feldspar  Overprint Event  (Silic a-Ca-Alteration)  
 
Proximal to gold m ineralisation , and the first observed stage in this transect,  there is evidence of a  
silicification  event, where  SiO 2 floods the system. The background silicification event is observed in all 
the samples shown in this se ction. This high pressure and temper ature  silicification event  mobilisation 
of Ca+, resulting in the precipitation of Ca -rich feldspars . This  occurs due to the Ca -rich protolith 
mineral assemblages present in mafic igneous units. The background silicificat ion of these lithologies 
can be seen in Figure 29. 
 
 
Figure 29 Silicificatio n event (precursor to the mineralisation event)  with Ca -rich plagioclase feldspar overprint (anorthite, 
andesine) . A, SEM phase map from  MSD0056E  (1400.8 m),  B. System saturated with silica, matrix predominantly qua rtz, 
anorthite and andesine overprint , C. Photograph  of diamond core epoxy mount  for MSD0056E -1400.8 . 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
3743.3.2 Albitisation of  Metamorphic Ca-Feldspar  Overprint , Muscovite Replacement of Albite  ± 
Apatite ± Pyrite  (Sodic -Acid Alteration)  
 
The second event p roximal to gold mineralisation , is characterised by late albitisation, where albite 
replac ed Ca-rich feldspars.  Locally, muscovite replac es these Na-rich feldspars with the release of 
potassium from the pervasive  albitisation event.  The albitisation event may follow this reaction:  
1. Anorthite + Sodium Ions + Quartz ⇌ Albite + Calcium Ions  
1. CaAl 2Si2O8 + 2Na+ + 4SiO 2 ⇌ 2NaAlSi 3O8 +Ca2+ 
Then , post -albitisation K+ becomes mobilised, allowing precipitation of muscovite, which can also be 
described using this reaction:  
2. Albite + Potassium Ions + Hydrogen Ions ⇌ Muscovite + S odium Ions + Quartz  
2. 3NaAlSi 3O8 + K+ + 2H+ ⇌ KAl 3Si3O10(OH) 2 + 3Na+ + 6SiO 2 
Looking closely at the Ca -feldspar -muscovite alteration zones, Ca -rich rims can be observed, which are 
relic metamorphic textures resultant of Na -rich plagioclase crystallising befo re the Ca -rich plagioclase .  
Apatite and pyrite have also been observed to accompany this stage.  
 
 
Figure 30 Na-rich plagioclase feldspar  and albite starting to replace Ca-rich plagioclase feldspars (anorthite  and andesine ) 
see re action 1 . A. SEM phase map from  MSD0056E (1348.85 m), B. Na-rich plagioclase feldspar albite after Ca-rich 
plagioclase feldspars  (reaction 1) , C. Photograph  of diamond core epoxy mount  MSD0056E -1348.85 . 
 
375 
Figure 31 Albitisation ev ent replacing plagioclase vein  (reaction 1) , (prior to reaction 2 muscovite alteration).  A. SEM phase 
map from  MSD0056E (1262.5 m),  B. Albite (after Ca -plagioclase) veining  (reaction 1)  overprinted by muscovite ± pyrite  
(reaction 2) , C. Photograph of diamo nd core epoxy mount for MSD0056E -1262.5.  
 
 
Figure 32 Muscovite replacement of Ca -rich plagioclase feldspars ano rthite  and andesine (reaction 2) . A. SEM phase map 
from  MSD 0056 E (132 4.48 m),  B/ Muscovite after Ca -feldpsars (reaction  2), C. Photograph  of diamond core epoxy mou nt for 
MSD0056E -1324.48 . 
  
3763.3.3 Dissolution of Quartz, Calcite Precipitation  ± Hematite_Magnetite ± Chalcopyrite ± 
Anhydrite  (Alkaline Fluid Alteration)  
 
The third  event proximal to gold mineralisation is define d by quartz dissolution and a calcite 
precip itation event that can be described by a change in the pH of the system (see  quartz stability 
H4SiO 4 ⇌ H3SiO 4 line on Figure 14). The c alcite replacement of quartz ±  anhydrite  reaction associated 
with the dissolution of quartz likely follows the following : 
8. Quartz + H 2O ⇌ Deprotonated Silicic Acid + H+ 
8. SiO 2 +2H 2O ⇌ H3SiO4- + H+ 
And, t he prior albitisation event can allow the release of Ca+ ions. This release might allow the 
precipitation of calcite:  
9. Calcium Ions + Bicarbonate ⇌ Calcite + Hydrogen Ions  
9. Ca2+ + 2HCO 3- ⇌ CaCO 3 + H+ 
Note: The addition of anhydrite appears  to be associated with reaction 9 , where it appears the 
sulphate species is associated with the calcite precipitation . The reactions can be seen in Figure 33 
and Figure 34. 
 
 
Figure 33 Dissolution of quartz : Calcite  and anhydrite replacement.  A. SEM phase map from  MSD0056 E (1348.95 m), 
B. Quartz  dissolution event  (reaction 8) , replaced by calcite  (reaction 9)  and anhydrite and evidence of albitisation  event  
(reaction 1) , C. Photograph  of diamond core epoxy mount  MSD0056E -1348.95 . 
 
377 
Figure 34 Dissolution of quartz:  Calcite  and anhydrite replacement.  A. SEM phase map from  MSD0056E  (1350.4 m), B. 
Quartz dissolution event  (reactio n 8), replaced by calcite  (reaction 9)  and anhydrite,  C. Photograph of diamond core epoxy 
mount  MSD0056E -1350.4 . 
 
 
 
  
3783.3.4 Tourmaline Overprinting Muscovite ± Pyrite ± Rutile  (Acid Alteration)  
 
The fourth event proximal to gold mineralisation and the  first event that appears to be linked to gold 
precipitation  in the mafic volcanic units shows muscovite replacing albite, then tourmaline replacing 
muscovite (and possibly calcite) ± pyrit e. Frikken, Cooke et al. (2005)  suggest a decrease in the fugacity 
of O 2 (redox) with adequate amounts of boric acid (B(OH) 3) in the fluid, tourm aline will become stable 
after muscovite (see Figure 26). The replacement of muscovite ( ± calcite) can be shown in Figure 35 
below . The acidity of a muscovite -rich environmen t interacting with a highly -alkaline fluid gold bearing 
fluids will have a neutralising effect on the system in which gold may be precipitated.  
  
 
Figure 35 Tourmaline replacement of muscovite  and/or calcite  with pyrite . A. SEM ph ase map from  MSD 0056 E (1397.1  m), 
B. Tourmaline overprinting muscovite (and possibly calcite ) alteration assemblage,  C. Photograph of diamond core epoxy 
mount  MSD0056E -1397.1 . 
 
  
3793.3.5 Clinochlore Overprinting Quartz/Carbonate Vein , Calcite dissolution ± Pyrrhotite ± 
Biotite  (Alkaline Fluid Alteration)  
 
The clinochlore replacement of quartz and/or calcite and general overprinting of late -stage alteration 
assemblages appear s to be linked to gold mineralisation. The sulphide s associated with this 
assemblage d iffer from the sulphides associated with the intermediate porphyry alteration 
assemblages in the previous section  (i.e. pyrrhotite, not pyrite and pyrrhotite is seen to be replacing 
pyrite) . As noted in the previous section, a possible reaction for the dis solution of calcite might be:  
10. Calcite + H 2O ⇌ Calcium hydroxide + Carbonic Acid + H+ 
10. CaCO 3 + 2H 2O ⇌ Ca(OH) 2 + HCO 3- + H+ 
And, for the clinochlore overprinting quartz veining , the se two reactions occur sequentially : 
8. Quartz + H 2O ⇌ Deprotonated Silicic Acid + H+ 
8. SiO 2 +2H 2O ⇌ H3SiO 4- + H+ 
And then:  
12. Deprotonated Silicic Acid + Magnesium Hydroxyl -Chloride + Hydroxoalumini um Ions  ⇌ 
Clinochlore + H2O + Chloride Ions  
12. 3H 3SiO 4- + 5Mg(OH)Cl + 2Al(OH) 4- ⇌ Mg5Al2Si3O10(OH) 8 + 7H 2O + 5Cl- 
Clinochlore overprinting matrix minerals can be described the following reac tion. Note: This reaction 
differs from the clinochlore overprinting  matrix material  reaction in the felsic/intermediate lithologies  
(where clinochlore crystallised after albite) .  
For clinochlore replacing Ca-feldspars:  
14. Anorthite + Quartz + Magnesium Hydro xyl-Chloride + H 2O + CO 2 ⇌ Clinochlore  + Calci te + 
Chloride Ions  + Hydrogen Ions  
14. CaAl 2Si2O8 + SiO 2(qtz) + 5Mg(OH)Cl + 4H 2O + CO 2 ⇌ Mg 5Al2Si3O10(OH) 8 + CaCO 3 + 5Cl- +5H+ 
The biotite  occurring  in the sample , in Figure 37, appears to have crystallised after t he clinochlore , 
likely as a part of a hydrolysis reaction seen in the previous section:  
13. Clinochlore + Potassium Ions + Magnesium Hydroxyl -Chloride + Depro tonated Silicic Acid ⇌ 
Biotite + Hydrogen Ions + Chloride Ions +H 2O 
13. Mg 5Al2Si3O10(OH) 8 + 2K+ + Mg(OH)C l + 3H 3SiO 4- ⇌ 2KMg 3AlSi 3O10(OH) 2 + 12H+ + Cl- + 6H 2O 
The h ydroxoaluminium ions present in this reaction occur in high -pH solutions of aluminium hydroxide 
(Al(OH) 3). When the pH of a fluid or system is very alkaline, aluminium is most soluble.   
The result of these reactions, and interactions with pre -existing muscovite -rich host rocks, acts to 
neutralise the incoming alkaline fluid event, resulting  in a prospective gold precipitation environment.  
 
380 
Figure 36 Clinochlore overprintin g of quartz /calcite vein (reaction 8 and 1 2), calcite dissolution  event  (reaction 10) . A. SEM 
phase map from  MSD0056 E (1284.7  m), B. Calcite diss olution event (reaction 10) with overprinting of clinochlore (reaction 8 
and 1 2), C. Photograph of diamond core  epoxy mount  MSD0056E -1284.7 . 
 
 
Figure 37 Clinochlore overprinting  (reaction 8 and 13 ) with biotite crystallisation after clinochlore  (reaction 1 3), pyrrhotite 
replacing pyrite, indicative of a redox shift  (Figure 19). A. SEM phase map fro m MSD0056 E (1356.45  m), B. Biotite after 
clinochlore, pyrrhotite after pyrite,  C. Photograph  of diamond core epoxy mount  MSD0056E -1356.45 . 
 
381 
Figure 38 Calcite dissolution  (reaction  10), clinochlore overprinting veins and matrix  (reaction 8 and 1 2, 14 ), biotite 
crystallisation after clinochlore  (reaction 1 3) and pyrrhotite after pyrite  assemblages.  A. SEM phase map from  MSD0056 E 
(132 9.85 m), B. Calcite dissolution  (reaction 10) , biotite after clinochlore and pyrrhotite afte r pyrite,  C. Photograph of 
diamond core epoxy mount  MSD0056E -1329.85 . 
 
  
3823.4 Large -Scale Redox Gradients (Compar ison of  Shannon and Morning Star  Transects)  
 
The sulphide species associated with gold mineralisation a t the camp -scale varies significantly and can 
be explained by a redox gradient across the greater mineralising system. The distribution of sulphide 
species associated with gold mineralisation is var iable and includes  hematite/magnetite, pyrite and 
pyrrhoti te. Using the phase diagram in Figure 19, these species can be traced along the fugacity of CO 2 
axis, where the fugacity of CO 2 essentially captures the electron trade among mineral species and 
hence the proportions  of Fe2+ and Fe3+ in the rock. Understanding where there are redox shifts due to 
fluid interaction can provide a deeper understanding in to the  mechanisms  behind the formation of 
the alteration products associated with the gold mineralising system.  
 
 
Figur e 39 All assemblages for Au, redox shifting pyrite to pyrrhotite.  A. SEM phase map from  MSD0056E (1324.5 m),  B. 
Redox effect where the pyrite to pyrrhotite transition represents a more reduced environment (see Appendix Figure 19), 
C. Photograph diamond core epoxy mount.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
3833.5 Comparison of Mafic -Logged and Intermediate -pXRF -Classified Samples from 
GXRC0548 (Shannon Transect)  
 
An interesting observation along drill hole GXRC0548 , made e arlier in the lithogeochemistry section 
of this report,  is related to  the pXRF lithogeochemical classification of the site logged dolerite (mafic 
igneous) unit. The chemistry of these intervals differs significa ntly from what is expected for  a rock of 
mafi c igneous origin. Samples from these intervals analysed with the SEM (see Figure 40 and Figure 
41) to determine  the timing relationships between the primary and alteration minerals .  
While the proportion of mafic  minerals is certainly higher than that of the o ther  felsic  intervals within 
the porphyry units, the mafic minerals  are dominated  by alteration minerals which were introduced 
late in the evolution of the rock unit, and do not represent  the protolith mineral assemblages. This 
can be observed in the textures present in Figure 40 and Figure 41, where the more mafic minerals 
appear to be a par t of a late alteration event.  
A possible reaction (using end -members tremolite and anorthite) for the above alteration 
assemblages may be:  
14. Clinochl ore + Calcite + Quartz ⇌ Tremolite + Anorthite + CO 2 + H 2O 
14.  Mg 5Al2Si3O10(OH) 8 + 3CaCO 3 + 7SiO 2 ⇌ Ca2Mg 5Si8O22(OH) 2 + CaAl 2Si2O8 + 3CO 2 3H 2O 
Note: Ca-amphibole end -member tremolite is not included in the SEM mineral library, so the mineral 
would have classified as another Ca-bear ing amphibole (in this case hornblende).  
Also, tremolite and anorthite are end -members (the reaction in this case involved and esine and likely 
be have occurred a lower temperature than stated on the associated phase diagram in Figure 19. 
Alteration mineral a llanite is also pres ent in low concentrations in both samples. Allanite is primarily 
associated with the alteration of more felsic igneous rock types and this rare earth element -bearing 
(REE) mineral may be able to assist with developing a deeper understanding of the outer ex tents of 
the gold mineralising system.  
 
384 
Figure 40 Comparison of pXRF classification and site logging, alteration assemblages indicate the protolith was of 
intermedia te composition magma origin rather than mafic (dolerite) origin.  The sample also contains evidence for late -
stage tourmaline and clinochlore overprinting assemblages.  A. SEM phase map from  GXRC0548 (180 m),  B. Late -stage 
alteration assemblages involving am phibole alteration products,  C. Photograph diamond core epoxy mo unt. 
 
 
Figure 41 Comparison of pXRF classification and site logging, alteration assemblages indicate the protolith was of 
intermediate composition magma origin rather  than mafic (dolerite) origin.  A. SEM phase map from  GXRC0548 (190 m),  
B. Late -stage alteration assemblage s involving amphibole alteration products,  C. Photograph diamond core epoxy mount.  
 
385 
Figure 42 Temperature versus log X CO 2 and the reaction (reaction 1 4 in this report) for the amphibole -Ca-feldspar 
alteration associated in GXRC0 548 (180 and 190 m).  
3863.6 Alteration Mineral Assemblages Associated with Gold Mineralisation  
 
Across the two transects studied in the previous paragene tic relationships sections, there were several 
high -grade intervals from which were sample d proximally f or SEM analysis. The table below ( Table 3) 
outlines the alteration mineral assemblages associated with the samples located with in or close  to the 
highest gold grades along each transect (Shannon and Morning Star).  Gold mineralisation seems to be 
typically  associated with three events in the transects covered in this report . 
 
Table 3 Alteration assemblages a ssociated with  high -Au from Shannon and MS D transect.  Letters A -J correspond to the 
TIMA mineral maps in Figures 42 -44. 
 
In this dataset, t he highest gold grades are not restricted to one mineralisation style, however each 
minerali sed interval has a chara cteristic acidic equivalent bulk rock composition that  is likely to have 
a neutralising effect on incoming, gold -bearing alkaline fluids . This change in redox conditions may 
have played an important role in facilitating gold precipitation.  
Alteration 
assemblage 
present in 
sample.
Alteration 
assemblage 
present, not 
dominant.
Alteration 
assemblage 
not visible in 
sample.
387 
Figure 43 GXRC0548 (A and B) and GXRC1758 (C and D) , high-grade  Au samples . These samples exhibit evidence for Au 
mineralising assemblages (tourmaline ± clinochlore assemblages).  
 
 
Figure 44 GXRC1719 (E and F) high-Au samples.  These samples exhibit evidence for the biotite and microcline Au 
mineralising assemblage.  
388 
Figure 45 MSD0056E (G and H) and MSD0056I (I and J) high grade gold samples.  These samples exhibit evidence for Au 
mineralising as semblages (tourmaline ± clinochlore assemblages).  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
3894 Mineral Zon ation  Patterns  Along the Shannon Transect  
 
Relationships between specific mineral groups can provide  important information about fluid 
chemistry, system - and-localised -chemical g radients and  in turn  the deposition al environments 
associated with gold mineralisation events. Displaying the  spatial  relationships between these mineral 
groups is  integral  for identifying  variations in these specific mineral species and potential gradient s. 
Visualisation of the zon ation patt erns  (and additional  mineral  patterns ) in the Shannon transect has 
been improved  with respect to their individual concentrations, using inverse -distance weighted 
interpolation (IDW) grids.  
Data visualisation using the IDW interpolated  grid technique provi des a more scalable method  (when 
compared to downhole normalised plots, see Figure 47) for determining important mineral gradients 
which are important indicators associ ated with orogenic gold de posits. The IDW shown in this section 
are created in ioGAS by altering column properties  to create a vertical section  and using a gridding 
tool. Using IWD grids, mineral zonation patterns can be identified that are representati ve of the 
relative  mineral co ncentration across the available dataset . The lithological logging data provided by 
Ramelius Resources ( Figure 46) for the Sha nnon transect has been included again for reference.  
The r esults for  a series  of IDW grid s analysed  in conjunction with the analysis of downhole mineral 
concentrations (SEM -derived  and visuali sed in Leapfrog ) is summarised in the section below and 
provides insights into the  mineral assemblages  associated with gold bearing regions . The series o f IDW 
grid images presented in Figure 48 are presented to support the o bservations described in the 
summary, however, n ot all IDW grids have been included due to the lack of repeatability of the result s 
as a result of  lithological controls or low mineral abundances .  
IDW interpolation scales the absolute value of the samples for each mineral but the interpolated ratios 
are generally relative in most mineral grid. IDW gridding was only applied to the Shannon transect as 
the drill hol es in the Morning Star transect were dipping too irregularly and resulting in poor transect 
projection.  
 
 
Figure 46 Lithology logging for Shannon transect for reference to Inverse Distance Weighted interpolated grids.  
390 
 
 
Figure 47 GXRC0548 downhole SEM mineral zoning patterns for titanium, sulphide, feldspar and chlorite/amphibole 
silicates mineral groups normalised to 100%  Comparing the normalised bar graphs in this figure,  IDW illustrates the 
improvemen t with respect to effective  data visualisation due to the enhancement of zones with anomalous data  with 
respect to values within the drill hole and relative to other drill holes in the transect . 
 
 
4.1 Mineral Zonation Patterns Proximal to Au Mineralisation  
 
Albite  
Higher values associated with the albite zonation patterns  (see Figure 48) are primarily restricted by 
lithology, however, higher values in GXRC1758 and GXRC1719 correspond wel l to the Au zones, but in 
GXRC0548, it’s less defined. This is likely due to the very high albite values in GXRC1758 skewing the 
interpolated values across the rest of the dataset.  
Microcline  
Microcline mineral zonation  (see Figure 48)  is well -defined in the Au zone of all thr ee mineralised drill 
holes across the transect.  The presence of microcline appears to be very important in the prediction 
of Au mineralisation, pa rticularly in the felsic - to-intermediate -composition igneous rocks.  
Muscovite  
Muscovite alteration appears to lithologically controlled, however filtering higher values (>20 wt.% in 
Leapfrog) identifies the high -grade  muscovite  interval in GXRC0548 corres ponding to a region of gold 
minerali sation.  
GXRC0548 Downhole SEM Mineral Zoning 
Patterns  
0% 50% 100% 0% 50% 100% 0% 50% 100% 0% 50% 100%
391Muscovite_Phengitic  
Phengitic muscovite is lithologically contro lled, however the highest values surround gold -bearing 
intervals along this transect.  
Biotite  
Biotite is ubiquitous as primary and alteration mineral making it difficult to use as a vector. However, 
the relative abundance may be lithologically controlled. Both  GXRC1758 and GXRC1719 are enriched 
in biotite (due to style of Au mineralisation assembla ges i.e. Biotite/microcline assemblage), but these 
are not distinguishable against other samples within same rock type.  
Calcite  
The calcite zonation  (see Figure 48) along the transect  is predominantly metasomatic and not 
controlled by lithological variations , but by fluid pathways . There are significantly higher calcite values 
in minerali sed zones and this is best visualised with interpolat ed data as compared to the absolute 
values derived directly from the SEM.  
Quartz  
Variation s in secondary quartz alteration assemblages is difficult to distinguish in this dataset  as a 
result of widespread veining and s ilicification which is not lithologica lly controlled. However, quartz 
content can be used as an effective proxy over larger scales to distinguish between protolith lithologie s 
(e.g., felsic vs. ultramafic) .  
Rutile  
While rutile is present throughout each a lteration stage, it is not an effectiv e tool for identifying key  
zonation patterns  related to minerali sation (see Figure 48) as rutile concentrations are generally 
high er throughout more felsic -to-intermediate rock types.  
Tourmaline  
Alteration appears to be linked with  gold -bearing zones, however only when paired with high values 
of muscovite.  
Clinochlore  
Clinochlore alteration appears to be both metasomatic and/or litho logically controlled. There is no 
consistent variation  late gold associated clinochlore across lithol ogies in, but as would be expected, 
mafic units are enriched in background clinochlore  alteration  
Dolomite  
Dolomite distribution is p redominantly lithologically controlled, however, the Au zone in GXRC1719 
exhibits an assemblage characteri sed by dolomite a nd calcite , possibly a result of lower temperature 
metasomatism.  
Pyrite  
High values of pyrite concentrations are associated with Au zones and are well -visualised with IDW or 
absolute values derived from SEM dat a. 
Hematite_Magnetite  
High values are generall y related  to Au mineralised zones and  is related  to a redox effect on the 
mineralising system related to alkaline fluid input . 
 
3924.2 Mineral Zonation Patterns Distal to Au Mineralisation  
 
Andesine  
Like albite, andesine zones (see Figure 48) are typically lithologically controlled, but generally lie 
outside of the Au -mineralised zones, except for drill hole GXRC171 9. 
Anorthite  
Overall, anorthite values along this transect are low (see Figure 48). This is due t o protolith 
lithology/the background Ca content in host rocks. The slig htly higher values however, sit outside of 
Au zones.  
Ilmenite  
Ilmenite zones are present outside of the Au -zones (see Figure 48), but these patterns may be  
lithological ly controlled as the patterns vaguely follow  the more  mafic lithologies  in this section.  
Titanite  
Like titanite (see Figure 48), the h igh values seem to track  the more mafic lithologies across the 
transect . This is likely d ue to the Ca content present in the mafic rock types.  
Chamosite  
Chamosite is lithologically cont rolled, it lies outside of Au zones in this transect, but is not definitive.  
Apatite  
Lithologically controlled in the Shannon transect.  
Anhydrite  
Anhydrite valu es are too low to show anything meaningful in the patterns associated in this transect, 
but it d oes however, show up in the Morning Star Au assemblages.  
Epidote  
Epidote alteration typically sits outside of the Au zone in this transect, and appears to be me tasomatic, 
but lithological controlled within the felsic -to-intermediate units, more data is req uired to refine this 
mineral.  
Clinozoisite  
Similarly, to epidote, clinozoisite alteration typically sits outside of the Au zone in this transect, and 
appears to  be metasomatic, but lithological controlled within the felsic -to-intermediate units .  
Hornblend e 
Not found in Au zones along this transect, however hornblende alteration is predominantly 
metasomatic.  
Actinolite_Mg  
Not found in Au zones along this transect , however actinolite (Mg -rich) alteration is predominantly 
metasomatic.  
393 
Figure 48 Inverse distance weighted (IDW) interpolated grids for feldpsars (B -E), titanium phases (F -H), and calcite (I) 
compared with Au (A).  
3945 Summary and Future Work  
 
In summary , pXRF  is effective for distinguishing between the mafic rock types  across the camp using 
a classification scheme based on Cr,  Ti, and Zr ratio, but does not  sufficiently distinguish between  felsic 
and intermediate lithologies . The s eparation of more felsic litho logies requires further investigation, 
however, the use of Y, Si, Al has provided an improvement in classification . Although the pXRF data 
wasn’t ideal for  characteri sing all the camps ’ lithologies, it  is still able to disting uish between mafic 
alteration and mafic protolith intervals  as identified in GXRC0548 . This is key in characteri sing the 
lithostratigraphy of the camp. When c omparing the datasets acquired with two generations of pXRF 
instrumentation, it is evident that the m odern  pXRF instrumentation has improved , not only in the 
range of elements able to be measured in the dataset but  level of  quantification of these elements . 
Developing standards that are site specific would have merit but the type of standard analysed is 
required to match the media being analysed (and remain consistent for calibration purposes) to 
reduce errors associated with the surface being analysed.  
The SEM results and associate d panoramic phase maps  provide insights into the  temporal 
relationships between alteration mineral assemblages and key gold mineralisation assemblages .  
While many minerals identified in the sample modal mineralogy have a proximal  association  with 
regions of gold minerali sation, not all are effective for vectoring towards minerali sation. This is largel y 
due to the ubiquitous nature of some minerals in both protolith and multiple alteration assemblages 
(e.g., biotite, quartz). Howev er, minerals which reflect primary metasomatic processes including 
calcite, pyrite and hematite_magnetite are closely associ ated with minerali sation and provide a much 
better vector but are only  effective in  very proximal  regions . This highlights the impor tance of using 
mineral assemblages , which include more widespread phases  rather than individual  gold related  
mineral vectors  when mapping  mineral systems  such as Mount Magnet .  
At Mount Magnet, three key  mineralisation  associated  assemblages have been iden tified from the 9 
alteration assemblages , which have been described across the camp. These key assemblage s are 
characteri sed by are pervasive  K-feldspar and biotite  (± calcite, apatite, pyrite) , muscovite and calcite 
with overprinting tourmaline  (± rutile) , and late -clinochlore  (± biotite) , which o verprint s vein and 
matrix material. The complicated nature of the minerali sation associated assemblages is related to 
variability in host rock mineralogy, and the evolving nature of the host rock mineralogy as it is 
overprinted by multiple stages of alteration during the alkaline minerali sing fluid event. However, the 
identification and characterisation of these alteration assemblages and their relative timing in the 
paragenesis of the camp provides important const raints on the timing of gold minerali sation and the 
insights which can be used to improve explor ation in the region.  
It is important to note that while t he highest gold grades observed in the transects described i n this 
report are not restricted to  a sing le mineral assemblage, all the mineralised zone s have acidic 
equivalent bulk rock compositions  which is reflected in the abundance of potassium bearing phases 
(K-feldspar and muscovite). The acidity of these assemblages will have a neutrali sing effect when  
interacting with a highly -alkaline fluid . Alkaline fluids are effective for gold (and metal) tr ansport  and 
this change in redox conditions to more neutral during wall rock interaction will result in precipitation 
of gold. Although slightly less acidic, mi crocline is like muscovite in the sense that it can act in the same 
way and neutralise incoming alkaline fluids, which may explain th e gold -bearing nature of this mineral 
assemblage.   
 
395The alteration assemblages, style of alteration and inferred fluid che mistry have been summarised in 
the tables below for the Shannon and Morning Star transects:  
 
Table 4 Alteration assemblages, styles and inferred fluid chemistry for the Shannon transect.  
Shannon Transect  
Alteration Assemblage  Alter ation Style  Inferred Fluid Chemistry  
Biotite and microcline ± calcite 
± apatite ± pyrite ± Au . Calcic (Ca-rich plagioclase) and 
potassic (microcline, biotite) 
alteration . Alkaline pH fluid event: 
Microcline may act as an acid , 
like muscovite but slightly 
more alkaline , and therefore  
acts to n eutralise incoming 
alkaline fluids.  
Late -stage albitisation event 
(precursor to Au -
mineralisation) . Sodic  (Na-rich plagioclase) and 
potassic (muscovite, 
microcline)  alteration . Neutral  pH fluid event 
promoting  sodic a lteration of 
host rock , then the fluid  
becomes more acidic with the 
precipitation of muscovite and 
then microcline.  
Calcite replacement of quartz 
± pyrite ± rutile . Dissociation of silicic acid 
(H4SiO 4) to deprotonated silicic 
acid (H 3SiO 4). Increase in a ctivity of CO 2 (X 
CO 2), accompanied by an 
alkaline  pH fluid . 
Tourmaline after muscovite 
and calcite, pyrite, rutile ± Au  Acid alteration  (muscovite, 
tourmaline).  Alkaline  pH fluid neutralising 
system  with acidic minerals 
(muscovite).  
Clinochlore (overp rinting wall 
rock and calc ite and quartz 
veining), ± biotite ± rutile ± 
pyrite ± hematite_magnetite . Dissociation of calcite  (CaCO 3) 
to carbonic acid (HCO 3-). Alkaline pH fluid entering the 
system.  
 
 
Table 5 Alteration assemblages,  styles and inferred fluid chemistry for the Shannon transect.  
Morning Star Transect  
Alteration Assemblage  Alteration Style  Inferred Fluid Chemistry  
Silicification event, Ca -feldspar 
metamorphic overprint . Silicic  (metasomatic quartz)  
and calcic (Ca-rich feldspar) 
alteration . Neutral -alkaline dissolved Na+ 
and SiO 2. 
Albitisation event + muscovite 
after albite . Sodic (Na -rich feldspars) and 
potassic (muscovite) 
alteration.  Neutral pH fluid event 
promoting sodic alteration of 
host rock, then the fluid 
beco mes more acidic with the 
precipitation of muscovite and 
then microcline.  
Calcite replacement of quartz, 
pyrite, rutile ± anhydrite . Dissociation of silicic acid 
(H4SiO 4) to deprotonated silicic 
acid (H 3SiO 4). Increase in activity of CO 2 (X 
CO 2), accompa nied by an 
alkaline  pH fluid.  
396Tourmaline after muscovite 
and/or calcite, pyrite, rutile ± 
pyrrhotite ± Au,  Acid alteration (muscovite, 
tourmaline).  Alkaline pH fluid neutralising 
system with acidic minerals 
(muscovite).  
Clinochlore (overprinting 
calcite and quartz veining), 
calcite dissolution ± biotite ± 
rutile ± pyrite ± pyrrhotite.  Dissociation of calcite (CaCO 3) 
to carbonic acid (HCO 3-). Alkaline pH fluid entering the 
system.  
 
Future work may i nclude completing thermometry analyses of apatite and bio tite and/or Na+ in K-
feldspar and plagioclase, which will enable constraints on thermodynamic modelling and to be refined 
and result in improved phase diagrams for interpreting mineral assemblages, a nd further enable the 
understand the greater hydrothermal  alteration footprint and the fluid properties present at the time 
of deposition.  Hyperspectral mineralogy in the mid-to-thermal infrared range (2500 – 14500 nm) , 
analysable by Fourier -transform  infrared (FTIR) instruments,  may provide a field portable met hod for 
mapping of key phases and assemblages associated with minerali sation as it is sensitive to a wide 
range of minerals including K -feldspar, muscovite, clinochlore and calcite.  This would allow for larger 
scale study with more consistent and systemat ic sampling across the camp to develop a deeper 
understanding of the spatial variability of key mineral zone s.  
 
 
  
3976 References  
 
Barnes, S. J., M. J. Van Kranendonk and I. Sonntag (2012). "Geochemistry and tectonic setting of 
basalts f rom the Eastern Goldfields Superterrane." Australian Journal of Earth Sciences  59(5): 707 -
735.  
Cassidy, K. F., D. C. Champion, B. Krapeˇz, M. E. Barle y, S. J. A. Brown, R. S. Blewett, P. B. Groenewald 
and I. M. Tyler (2006). A revised geological framework for the Yilgarn craton, Western Australia. , 
Western Australia Geological Survey Record 2006/8, 8p.  
Cudahy, T., K. Yang and K. Scott (1996). Spectral study of the Star gold deposit, Mount Magnet, 
Western Australia, CSIRO Exploration and Mining Restricted I nvestigation Report.  
Frikken, P. H., D. R. Cooke, J. L. Walshe, D. Archibald, J. Skarmeta, L. Serrano and R. Vargas (2005). 
"Mineralogical and Isotopi c Zonation in the Sur -Sur Tourmaline Breccia, Rio Blanco -Los Bronces Cu -
Mo Deposit, Chile: Implications fo r Ore Genesis." Economic Geology  100(5): 935 -961.  
Said, N. and R. Kerrich (2009). "Geochemistry of coexisting depleted and enriched Paringa Basalts, i n 
the 2.7  Ga Kalgoorlie Terrane, Yilgarn Craton, Western Australia: Evidence for a heterogeneous 
mantle pl ume event." Precambrian Research  174(3-4): 287 -309.  
Van Kranendonk, M. J., T. J. Ivanic, M. T. D. Wingate, C. L. Kirklanda and S. Wychea (2013). "Long -
lived, autochthonous development of the Archean Murchison Domain, and implications for Yilgarn 
Craton tec tonics." Precambrian Research (229): 49 -92. 
Walshe, J. L., A. B. Bath, J. Cloutier and M. A. Hough (2014). High grade Au deposits:processes to 
predicti on,MERIWA 410 Final Report, Geological Survey of Western Australia Report 145 : 183 p.  
 
398 
 
Integrated Geological, Geophysical, 
Lithogeochemical, Structural and 
Alteration Mapping for the Southern 
Yandal Belt, Western Australia  
 
 
Margaux Le Vaillant, Renee Birchall , John M. Miller, John L. Walshe, Adam B. Bath and Tina D. Shelton  
 
 
 
  
Australia’s National  
Science Agency  
399Mineral Resources  
Citation  
Le Vaillant, M., Birchall R., Miller J.M., Walshe J.L., Bath A.B. and Shelton T.D. (2019). Integrated 
Geological, Geophysical, Lithogeochemical, Structural and Alteration Mineral Mapping for the 
Southern Yandal Belt, Western Australia, MRIWA 494 Final Repo rt.  
Copyright  
© Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation 2019. To the extent permitted by 
law, all rights are reserved,  and no part of this publication covered by copyright may be reproduced or 
copied in any form or by any means excep t with the written permission of CSIRO.  
Important disclaimer  
CSIRO advises that the information contained in this publication comprises general statements based 
on scientific research. The reader is advised and needs to be aware that such information may b e 
incomplete or unable to be used in any specific situation. No reliance or actions must therefore be 
made on that information without seeking prior expert professional, scientific and technical advice. 
To the extent permitted by law, CSIRO (including its employees and consultants) excludes all liability 
to any person for any consequences, including but not limited to all losses, damages, costs, expenses 
and any other compensation, arising directly or indirectly from using this publication (in part or in 
whole) and any information or material contained in it.  
CSIRO is committed to providing web accessible content wherever possible. If you are having 
difficulties with accessing this document please contact csiroenquiries@csiro.au . 
400Executive summary  
 
The Yandal Greenstone Belt hosts several world -class gold ore bodies including Bronzewing in the 
southern Yandal Greenstone Belt and Jundee in the northern part of the belt. This project  is focused 
on Echo  Resources ’ tenements within the Yandal Greenstone Belt with the goal of : 
• Producing  an updated  structural  interpretation,  integrating  structural  and geophysical  maps 
at belt-scale with  field observations , and undertaking structura l stud ies for a few of the key  
deposits/prospects.  
• Conducting an extensive lithogeochemical study of two mineralised system s within the belt: 
Bronzewing and Orelia using over 1700 portable XRF analyses collected on pulp and drill core  
samples.  
• Perform ing TIMA  mineral  mapping  on a representative  set of samples  from  Bronzewing and 
Orelia  and evaluat ing potential mineral zon ation patterns  which  could aid mineral  
exploration.  
• Applying the  results  of the geochemical and mineralogical datasets  to provide  a better  
understanding  of chemical  architecture  of the Yandal Greenstone Belt to aid exploration 
targeting.  
 
Architectural controls  (structural and lithological) : 
The salient structural controls on gold deposits in the southern Yandal Greenstone Belt are north -
trending shears and  regional  folds  with  west -northwest  to northwest -trending  cross -structures  
localising  the major deposits and the emplacement of granodiorit e intrusions. The world -class 
Bronzewing Deposit is located in the core of a regional closure .  
Typically , gold  lodes are elongated within  very  high -strain  zones , commonly with isoclinally -folded 
shales but lacking major quartz veining and evidence of  dilation around  a strike  or dip change or a 
fault intersection.  This geometry of low -angle plunging ore shoots within the hinge of an isoclinal 
fold (e.g. Orelia Deposit) is the major  ore shoot  control  for the southern  Yandal  Belt.  The Bill’s  Find  
Deposit  in the northern part of the belt is different  with a structural geometry consistent with NW -
SE shortening. The  southern  Yandal  Belt may  be a structurally  distinct  domain compared to the 
northern part of the belt. Recognition of this may impact on t argeting in the different  domains . 
The Dragon South  Deposit  is interpreted to have formed via gold localisation around rheology 
contrasts between the shales and a cumulate -rich part of the ultramafic stratigraphy within a ductile 
shear zone. The presence of the central zone host rock is inferred to be critical,  as when this unit 
lenses out to the south the mineralisation ceases to be economic. Other orebodies are located in 
sediments bounded by basalt (e.g. the Challenger Deposit ).  
The inferred  preliminary  structural  history  based on the field  observations  in this study, is as follows 
(oldest to youngest  events):  
 
4011. Initial formation of major folds and dominant foliation and ductile  shears.  
2. A major component of gold mineralisation formed during ductile shearing and is linked to 
foliation development (seen at Dragon S outh, Challenger, Success, Bronzewing, and Orelia). 
Ore bodies are controlled by regional architecture with host rocks and fold hinges playing a 
key control. The kinematics of this event are poorly  constrained .  
3. NW-SE shortening  linked  to the formation  of low-angle  conjugate  veins.  This correlates  with 
the formation  of the Bill’s  Find  Deposit  and extensive  world -class  deposits  in the Yilgarn .  
4. NW-SE extension linked to the formation of steep vein arrays and possible NE -trending 
normal  faults .  
5. Formation of a pervasive low -angle foliation that transects all structural features. This may 
correlate with previously mapped  low-angle foliation s and be linked to orogenic collapse. 
This foliation may be part of the same event that formed the steep vein arrays.  
 
pXRF lithogeochemical study:  
The pXRF  dataset  provided a fast and robust method to  differentiate the lithologies present in the 
two main study areas of the Bronzewing and Orelia  Deposits  and environs . A ternary Zr -Cr-Ti-
discrimination plot (Zr*50 vs Cr*10 vs Ti) was used to classify the ultramafic  and mafic  lithologies 
and differentiate Cr -rich sediments.  Cr-poor sediments were differentiated from the volcan ic 
/igneous lithologies with a n Al-Ti-Zr plot  (Al/10 vs Ti vs Zr*50).  
 
The k ey results were: 
• At Bronzewing  and in the Orelia -Lotus  area,  the Zr/Ti  of the mafic  rocks  is relatively  invariant 
and approximate the ratio of the Devon Consul & Athena  Basalts ; defined from the St Ives 
Camp.  
• Comparison of the lithogeochemical interpretation of the Bronzewing traverse with the local 
geology map of Elmer et al. (2007) shows that the previously defined “mafic -ultramafic schist 
unit” is ultramafic in composition and defines the eastern side of one  of the Bronzewing open  
pits. The ultramafic/dolerite of Elmer et al.  (2007) is a high -Cr mafic  unit. 
• Within the Bronzewing Deposit higher gold grades are located along contacts between the 
ultramafic unit, intermediate -high -Cr mafic unit and the more fractionated, lower -Cr mafic 
unit.  
• At Lotus and Orelia,  the mafic volcanic rocks are predominantly Cr -poor .  
• The Orelia minerali sation is located close to the contact between a package of ultramafic 
/high -Cr mafic volcanics  and low -Cr mafic volcanics ± sed iments.  
• The northern  part of the belt contains  a greater  proportion  of fractionated (low -Cr) basalts in 
comparison with the Bronzewing and Orelia sequences. This could be indicative a relative 
younger part of the volcanic stratigraphy.  
 
402Mineral mapping constraints on fluid pathways , chemical gradients and gold deposition : 
 
The mineral mapping has identified the lithological controls on fluid flow and fluid chemistry.  In the 
Orelia system, the gold grades appear located close to the contact between a pac kage of ultramafic and 
high -Cr mafic volcanic rocks and a package of low -Cr mafic volcanics and sediments.  
The role of the ultramafic rocks in partitioning fluid flow is illustrated by the feldspar distribution in 
ODDH0021a, the most southe rn drill hole i n the Orelia -Lotus transect . 
Abundances  of Ti-bearing  oxide  phases  in the Orelia -Lotus system do not show a simple spatial vector 
to gold  mineralisation reflecting local host -rock controls. Ilmenite is preferentially developed in the 
ultramafic rocks and r utile in the sediments. These local controls may be understood in terms of the 
supply of iron to fluids from host lithologies that regulated H 2S in the fluids.  
The overall distribution of ilmenite vs titanite (ilmenite in the core of the system with dista l titanite) is 
taken to reflect higher CO 2 activity in the core of the Orelia system. The implication is that the titanite -
ilmenite transition forms a broad, steeply west -dipping halo around the gold zones. Identifying this 
transition would help targeting high grade Au zones.  
 
Mineral associations proximal to gold are:   
• At Bronzewing,  the minerals  closely  associated  with  the gold  mineralisation (in the proximal 
zone ) are: apatite, calcite, microcline, muscovite,  phengite,  pyrrhotite,  quartz  and scheelite.  
• At Orelia, there are two main lithologies that host gold  minerali sation , a low-Cr basalt and a 
sedimentary package. The common proximal  phases  to gold across all roc k types  are 
pyrrhotite , pyrite , microcline , clinochlore, clinozoisite  and anorthite. The distribution of 
magnetite ( Hematite _Magnetite  in SEM library ) partly overlaps with gold zones and it is 
interpreted as being part of the proximal gold mineralising ass emblage.  
 
The diversity in mineral assemblages provides some clues to the chemical gradients at the time of 
minerali sation. Anorthite and clinozoisite are indicative of low XCO 2 fluids at near neutral pH.  Pyrrhotite 
and magnetite together with microcline imply alkaline conditions, possibly linked to a redox gradient. 
The distribution of magnetite, up to 100s metres from the Au and a late microcline -albite -clinochlore 
assemblage  may be mapping these gradients .
403Contents  
 
1 Introduction  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................  1 
2 Regional Geology and  Geophysics  ................................ ................................ ..............................  3 
3 Deposit -Scale Structural  Observations  ................................ ................................ .....................  12 
3.1 Introduction  ................................ ................................ ................................ .................  12 
3.2 Bill’s  Find  ................................ ................................ ................................ ......................  12 
3.3 Success to Dra gon Trend  ................................ ................................ .............................  14 
3.4 Orelia, Lotus and Bronzewing Deposits  ................................ ................................ .......  21 
3.5 Structural  Interpretation  ................................ ................................ .............................  30 
4 pXRF Data and Lithogeochemical  Interpretations  ................................ ................................ .... 32 
4.1 Introduction  ................................ ................................ ................................ .................  32 
4.2 Summary of  pXRF Results  ................................ ................................ ............................  32 
5 TIMA  Mineral  Mapping  ................................ ................................ ................................ .............  44 
5.1 Introduction  ................................ ................................ ................................ .................  44 
5.2 Bronzewing  Transect  ................................ ................................ ................................ ... 44 
5.3 Orelia  – Lotus  Transect  ................................ ................................ ................................  61 
6 Summary Comments: Constraints on fluid pathways chemical gradients and gold deposition
 ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ................  102 
6.1 Lithological controls:  ................................ ................................ ................................ .........  102 
6.2 Chemical constraints on Ti -phase zoning  ................................ ................................ .........  102 
6.3 Gold grades and pH/redox constraints on gold deposition:  ................................ ............  103 
List of Figures  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ...... 104 
References ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ...........  108 
 
4041 Introduction  
 
This report  describes  a research  program  undertaken  on the Yandal  Greenstone Belt (Figure  1). The 
focus  of the project was to  produce:  
• A revised geological map for tenements held by Echo Resources within the Yandal 
Greenstone  Belt. The revised  map  was generated  using  lithogeochemistry  (pXRF or multi -
element datasets) and integrated with a structural framework based on geophysics . 
• Alteration maps generated using the TIMA (AC and RC samples) from tenements held by 
Echo Resource within the Yandal Greenston e Belt. 
• TIMA mineral mapping of three diamond drill  holes (320 samples) to generate alteration 
cross -sections and alteration paragenesis across the Julius  Deposit . 
• Generation of an integrated stratigraphic -structural -alteration paragenetic history 
consiste nt with the available  data . 
• Assessment of the nature of the mineral system(s) intersected by the drilling and 
implications for exploration  targeting . 
• Generation of thermodynamic models to understand chemistry of fluids associated with 
alteration  mineralogy . 
 
Over the course of the project,  the Orelia, Cockburn, Bronzewing, Dragon South, Lotus, Challenger 
South, Challenger  North,  Success,  and Bill’s  Find  open  pits were  visited  to collect  structural  
measurements in order to create the structural  framework.  
Two transects of drill  holes, one that traversed across the Central Bronzewing Pit (7 drill  holes), and 
one across  both  the Lotus  and Orelia  pits (8 drill holes)  were  selected  for pXRF  and scanning -electron 
microscope alteration mineral mapping  (TIMA) . Portable -XRF measurements were taken at 5 m 
intervals down each of the 15 diamond drill  holes, and diamond drill  core samples were selected for 
mineral mapping analyses approximately every 10  m. In total, over 710 pXRF analyses on drill core 
were collected during the visit to the Orelia site and over 420 samples were collected for processing 
and further alteration mineral mapping work.  
To continue the extents of the drill  hole traverse, and cover lithologies outside of the mineralised 
zone, a further 6 reverse -circulation (RC) drill  holes were sampled in the Bronzewing area, scanned 
for pXRF and selected for mineral mapping.  In total, o ver 1000  pXRF  analyses  on drill core  were  
collected  during  the visit to the Bronzewing  site and over 300 sampl es were collected for processing 
and further alteration mineral mapping  work.  
405 
 
Figure 1: Regional 100K map with open pits visited during study highlighted (20 km grid). Jundee is also marked for reference   
4062 Regional Geology and  Geophysics  
 
A regional 100K scale geology map ( Figure 1) was available in di gital format, however detailed 
sections  and maps  for the individual  pits were  not available.  A compilation  of the magnetic  data  was 
undertaken  by Southern  Geoscience  Consultants  (Figure 2). The study  area  also has two detailed 
ground gravity surveys recently done by Haines Surveys Pty Ltd (see Figure 2). Whilst extensive 
processing of the magnetic data was completed by Southern  Geoscience Consultants ( e.g.,  
automatic gain control (AGC), first -vertical derivative (1VD), second -vertical derivative (2VD) and 
TILT derivatives), the magnetics were reprocessed (specifically dynamic range compressions, high - 
and low -pass filters, upwar d continuations with vertical derivatives applied to these) due to poor 
visibility  of the Bronzewing  deposit  as a result  of interference  from  overlying  paleochannels.  A range 
of residual filters were also carried out on the gravity data (specifically Gaussian regional/residual 
filters).  
At the scale of the southern Yandal belt the major architectural controls appear as the N -trending 
shears  and regional  folds  with  WNW - to NW-trending  cross -structures  localising  major  deposits  and 
also the emplacement  of some  granodiorite  intrusions  (Figure 3, Figure 4 and Figure 5). The Cockburn  
and Orelia deposits are located on a separate NW -trending architecture zone to the Success, 
Challenger and Dragon  Deposits  (Figure 4 and Figure 5). The WNW - to NW-trending  cross -structures  
are most  prominent in  the residual  gravity  images  (Figure 6). The Bronzewing  Deposit  is located  in 
the core  of a regional closure (see Figure 6a); however , the geology of the deposit imaged via 
magnetic data is obscured by major paleochannels (see Figure 6b). A range of different geophysical 
data reprocessing was attempted to filter these out, with a 500 m upward continuation with a 
second vertical derivative being the most effective ( Figure 6d), the first vertical derivative on this 
upward continuation is shown for comparison ( Figure 6c). High -pass filters were less effective. 
Notably the reprocessing has delineated the geometry of the fold and a potential cross -structure 
(marked by a yellow dashed line in Figure 6d). This cross -structure is also depicted in the regional 
geology map ( Figure 6a). Different standard deviations were applied to the residual filters for the 
ground gravity in this area, (Figure 7), however no cro ss-structures could be delineated intersecting 
the Bronzewing Deposit in these  data.  
The northern part also has NW -trending cross structures that are observable in the geology maps 
(Figure 8a), and magnetic data ( Figure 8b). These cross structures are most prominent in the residual 
gravity images ( Figure 9). 
407 
 
Figure 2: First vertical derivative of the magnetics (RTP) in grey -scale with the available detailed Bouguer gravity for two areas (colour 
image). The open pits visited during study are highlighted (20 km grid)  
 
408 
 
Figure 3: Geology map of the southern part of the Yandal Belt (10 km grid)  
 
409 
 
 
Figure 4: First vertical derivative of the magnetics for the southern part of the Yandal Belt. Dashed yellow lines highlight NW -trending 
cross structures (10 km grid)  
 
410 
 
 
 
Figure 5: Gaussian regional/residual filter of ground -gravity data with a filter standard deviation of 0.12, vertical sun angle for the 
southern part of the Yandal Belt. Dashed yellow lines highlight NW -trending cross -structures (10 km grid)  
 
 
411 
 
Figure 6: Detail of the regional fold hosting the world -class Bronzewing Deposit. (a) Geology map. Bronzewing is located in the core of a 
regional fold. (b) 1VD of the magnetics. Note paleochannels obscure the bedrock geology around the Bronzewing Deposit. (c) Ma gnetics 
with a 500 m upward continuation with a 1VD. (d) Magnetics with a 500 m upward continuation with a 2VD. Note this delineates the 
regional fold and also a possible NWW -trending cross structure that intersects the Bronzewing Deposit. The cross structur e that 
Cockburn and Orelia are located on is clearly defined (10 km grid)  
412 
 
Figure 7: Examples of different standard deviations for a Gaussian regional/residual filter of ground gravity data. From left to right. 
Regional Bouguer, standard deviation of 0.12, standard deviation of 0.18, standard deviation of 0.22 (no sun -angle)  
413 
 
Figure 8: (a) Geology of the northern Yandal belt. (b) First vertical derivative of the magnetics for the northern Yandal Belt (same ar ea as 
Figure 8a). Cross lineaments are marked with yellow dashed lines (10 km grid)  
414 
 
 
 
Figure 9: Gaussian regional/residual filter of ground gravity data with a filter standard deviation of 0.22 for the northern Yandal Bel t 
(same area as Figures 8a and 8b). Cross structures marked by ye llow dashed lines (10 km grid)  
4153 Deposit -Scale Structural  Observations  
 
3.1 Introduction  
Over a four -day period,  a series of visits were made to the Orelia, Cockburn, Bronzewing, Dragon 
South, Lotus, Challenger South, Challenger North, Success, and Bill’s Find open pits. Several drill  
holes were also briefly assessed and structurally logged. The following section re presents an 
overview of the key observations made in each area, the findings should only be considered as 
preliminary. The areas that have been described are broken down into three areas, the Bill’s Find 
Pit, which is a distinct pit to the north ( Figure 1), and the two distinct NW -trending structural 
corridors, the Cockburn Orelia trend, and the Success to Dragon trend ( Figure 4 and Figure 5). 
 
3.2 Bill’s  Find  
The Bill’s Find Pit is located in the n orthern part of the Yandal Greenstone Belt (Figure 1). The deposit 
is hosted within sediments in a distinct ENE - to NE -trending package of the stratigrap hy (Figure 10). 
The deposit has a series of NE - to ENE -trending faults and associated folds (Figure 11 and Figure 
12)in one area a historical adit follows a NE -trending shear (Figure 11). There is also a pervasive low -
angle foliation, which transects the folds parallel to the ENE -trending faults (Figure 12). 
The preliminary interpretation is that the ENE - to ENE -trending folds and faults were formed in 
NNW -SSE shortening and are related to the gold mineralisation event. The low -angle foliation is a 
later over -print on these features and may post -date gol d mineralisation.  
 
Figure 10: Location of Bill’s Find Pit (a) Geology (100K) and ( b) 1VD of magnetics (RTP)  
416 
 
Figure 11: Western wall of Bill’s Find pit with series of parallel faults in red  and folds in green  
 
 
Figure 12: Eastern wall of Bill’s Find Pit  showing the NE - to ENE -trending faults and associated folds
4173.3 Success to Dragon  Trend  
The Success  and Dragon  South  Pits are located  on a major  stratigraphic  boundary  within  the Yandal 
Greenstone Belt (Figure 13). There is significant variation in host rocks and mineralisation styles, 
ultramafic to mafic rocks are present at Dragon South whereas Challenger is sediment -mafic  hosted.  
The Dragon South Pi t is the most southern pit visited during the study. This pit is highly linear (NNW -
trending) with the foliation and stratigraphy dipping steeply -to-moderately to the E or ENE with little 
or no evidence for dip changes (Figure 14). The deposit is located on a boundary between basalt and 
ultramafic units  (Figure 14). A package of cumulate -bearing ultramafic  rocks  define s the central zone 
of the pit which is host to the mineralisation. This central zone also has a series of chert and shale 
horizons  (Figure 15 a and b) , which are isoclinally folded (Figure 15b). The hanging wall of the deposit 
is defined by a basalt unit (Figure 14 and Figure 15c) and the footwall by ultramafic schist (Figure 
15e).  In some areas the stratigraphic contacts are truncated  by late faulting (e.g. fault marked on  
top of Figure 14).  From north to south there is a notable thinning of the  central  unit (with  the 
cumulate  and interbedded  shale).  The southern  pit wall marks  the current extent of known 
mineralisation whereas the mineralisation extends north of the deposit (to the Dragon  North  Pit). 
There  is also a notable  lack of quartz  veining,  major  brittle  faults  and the observed samples of 
mineralisation was quartz -poor and rich in sul fides ( Figure 15f). 
Key-elements of the minerali sed zone include  the lack of quartz veining and presence of isoclinally -
folded shale in the central zone, as well as  the lateral variation in the central zone ho st. The deposit 
is interpreted  to have  formed  via gold  localisation  around  rheology  contrasts  between  the shales  
and cumulate -rich region  of the ultramafic stratigraphy , within a ductile shear zone. The presence 
of the central zone host rock is inferred to  be critica l as when this unit lenses out to the south the 
mineralisation ceases to be economic. This interpretation could explain the highly linear nature of 
the deposit (it is not interpreted to be linked to dilation around a strike or dip change or a fa ult 
intersection).  
418 
 
Figure 13: Location of Success, Challenger and Dragon Pits (a) Geology (100K) and (b) 1VD of magnetics (RTP)  
419 
 
Figure 14: Northern and southern wall of the Dragon South Pit  
 
 
Figure 15: Dragon South Pit. Main rock types and mineralisation. (a) Shale unit in south pit wall. (b) Folded shale on east pit wall.  (c) 
Hanging  wall basalt  unit.  (d) Cumulate  from  central  zone.  (e) Footwall  ultramafic  schist.  (f) Sulfide-rich mineralisation  
420When compared to the Dragon South Pit, the Challenger North and South Pits (Figure 13 and Figure 
16a,b) comprise  basalt and a large sequence of sediments . The shales are isoc linally -folded  (Figure 
16c),  and the stratigraphy and foliation are close to being sub -parallel (see stereonets on right - 
hand -side of Figure 16). The Challenger South Pit is circular with the main minerali sed zone located 
on a NNW - trending package of black shale and a NW -trending cross fault (Figure 16a).  The 
Challenger South Pit is interpreted to be located on a  large isoclinal fold (note the fold axis trend 
marked on Figure 18a,  this defines  a corridor  with  two black  shales  on the northern  wall and one 
shale  on the eastern wall).  The location  of the interpreted  hinge  in Challenger  South  projects  across  
to a high -grade  zone within the Challenger North Pit  (Figure 16). The Challenger North Pit follows 
the trend of the stratigraphy and sub -parallel foliation, w ith a linear NNW -trending zone that has 
been selectively mined (or “high -graded”) in the central part of the pit  (Figure 16b). This higher -
grade zone is  a high -strain  zone  with  sheared  and boudinaged  quartz  veins  parallel  to the foliation  
(Figure 17a) and foliation boudinage with quartz infilling the boudin necks  (Figure 17b). Brittle f aults 
or late - quartz vein arrays linked to the higher -grade zone were not  observed.  
The interpretation is  that the NNW -trending high -grade mineralisation is linked to shearing 
associated with the isoclinal folding, where the high -grade zone  is possibly lo cated within a large  
isoclinal  fold closure.  The circular  nature  of the Challenger  South  Pit is interpreted  to be linked to the 
intersection of the NNW -trending ductile shears and a NW -trending brittle fault. This later fault  may  
reflect  a second  stage  of gold  introduction,  remobilisation  of earlier  gold  into the structure , or be 
linked to a zone of supergene  enrichment.  
The Success Pit (Figure 13) was not mapped during the study  and assessment  of the geology was  
restricted to a view point from the western -side of the pit. However, this pit is also dominated by 
sediment ary lithologies , and is highly linear (Figure 18). One striking feature of the pit is that the 
hanging wall units are isoclinally -folded (the clearest closure is at the bottom left of  Figure 18). 
421 
 
Figure 16: Challenger North and South Pits. (a) Challenger South Pit. (b) Challenger North pit. (c) Isoclinally fold ed shale within the 
Challenger North Pit. (d) Late NE -trending faults with normal offset in section  
422 
 
Figure 17: Structural relationships within the high -grade  corridor of Challenger North. (a) Sheared and boudinaged veins within the high -
grade zone. (b) Foliation boudinage within the high -grade  zone  
423 
Figure 18: Success Pit with detail of folds on the southern pit wall  
4243.4 Orelia, Lotus and Bronzewing Deposits  
The Orelia and Lotus Deposits are located on a distinct WNW -trending lineament, with the deposit s 
located in a sequence of basalt and dolerite intercalated with  sedimentary units (see Figures 1,  
Figure 19a, b). The study did not systematically log diamond holes through these deposits, which 
will need to be under taken with future work. Furthermore, based on the demonstrated capability 
of pXRF analyses (or multi -element geochemistry)  described in section 4 , it is suggested that the 
mafic stratigraphy should be  redefined.  One notable  feature  distinguishing  the two deposits  is that 
the Lotus  Deposit  is highly - elongate in plan -view, whilst the Orelia Deposit is located within a much 
broader pit outline. In long -section, the Orelia Deposit has moderately south -plunging ore shoots 
(Figure 19c). The gold mineralisation  is associated  with  sulfides (pyrite  and pyrrhotite)  and exhibits  
limited  quartz  veining (Figure 20).  
The stratigraphy on the north wall of the Orelia pit is moderately W -to SW -dipping (Figure 21), with  
a sedimentary  package  displaying  tight  fold closures  defin ing the centre  of the stratigraphic package 
in the pit wall  (Figure 21a). The eastern side of the pit is bounded by a major fault (the Cockburn  
Fault;  Figure 21a) and this fault is transected  by a later,  shallowly  dipping  foliation  (Figure 21b). This 
foliation is also a prominent feature in the drill core (Figure 22). There are a series of strong north -
trending, steeply dipping shears associated with foliation development and quartz veining  (Figure 
21c). These shears are oblique to the main NNW -to NW -structural grain. There is also a set of low -
angle veins  (Figure 21c). The stratigraphy in the central part of the north wall of t he pit dips 
moderately to the southwest (Figure 21). 
The mapping of the western wall of the Lotus pit did not provide access to the main lodes but  
highlighted some key aspects of the structural evolution of the area. Within the Lotus pit there are 
two sets of quartz vein arrays. One is a set of low -angle to moderate -dipping conjugate veins 
associated with NNW -SSE to NW -SE shortening  (Figure 23a, c and Figure 24). The second set are 
steep vein arrays linked to NNW -SSE to NW -SE extension ( Figure 23b, f and Figure 24). Both of these 
vein sets are over printed by a late -stage low -angle foliation ( Figure 23c, d).  
One drill  hole was structurally assessed at the Bronzewing Deposit (see Figures 1  and Figure 25). The 
highest -grade zones were consistently associated with ductile shears that are associated with 
boudinaged quartz and carbonate veins. These zones displayed a strong biotite and chlorite 
alteration  halo  with  pyrite  and pyrrhotite  being  the dominant  sulfides (see top right  of Figure 25). In 
some  areas  there  is later  brittle  over -printing  with  brecciation  and quartz  veining.  The areas  with this  
strong  quartz  veining  or brecciation  (but without  the earlier  biotite -bearing  shears),  consistently 
graded below less than 0.1 g/t gold (see bottom right of  Figure 25). 
425 
Figure 19: Lotus  and Orelia  pits.  (a) Geology  map  locating  the two pits.  (b) Pits located  on a magnetic  image  (1VD).  (c) Pit  outlines  and 
Leapfrog  long  sections  highlighting  southern  plunge  to gold  mineralisation.  FIGURE  IS FROM  AN ECHO RESOURCES LTD ASX  RELEASE  
426 
Figure 20: Examples of Orelia mineralisation. Mineralisation is sul fide-rich with minor -to no -quartz veining. (a) Drill core intercept 
through Orelia (ODDH012). (b) Float from with a lode from the Orelia pit floor  
427 
 
Figure 21: Orelia Pit. (a) North wall of the Orelia Pit (Cockburn Fault is marked). (b) Cockburn fault transected by low - angle foliation. (c) 
N-trending faults and low -angle vein. (d) Shale layering within the north wall of the pit  
428 
 
Figure 22: Low-angle crenulation cleavage in drill core (ODDH012, 222m)  
429 
 
Figure 23: Vein arrays within the Lotus Pit. (a) Conjugate veins linked to NNW -SSW shortening. (b) Conjugate veins linked to NNW -SSE 
extension. (c) low -angle foliation and folding of steep quartz vein. (d) low -angle foliation and folding of low -angle vein. (e) Low a ngle 
vein arrays linked to NNW -SSE to NW -SE shortening. (f) Steep vein arrays linked to NNW -SSE to NW -SE extension  
430 
 
Figure 24: Example of steep and low angle vein sets in the Lotus Pit. The low -angle veins are h ighlighted by white lines  
431 
 
Figure 25: Examples of the structural style and associated grade from the Bronzewing Deposit (drill  hole GCMBWRCD1454, metre 
intervals labelled on drill  hole)  
4323.5 Structural  Interpretation  
Gold mineralisation was observed in nearly all of the stratigraphic sequences mapped in the study 
area,  with  the exception  of Bill’s  Find  (Figure 11), and one cross -fault  at Challenger  South  (Figure 16). 
The majority of the mineralisation  appears to be associated with ductile shears, with boudinaged 
quartz  veins  inside the foliation planes. The high -strain zone within the higher -grade zone at 
Challenger  North  (Figure 17a) is similar  to the structural  style  of the high -grade  gold within  biotite -
bearing  shear  zones  at Bronzewing  (top  right  of Figure 25). A large  number  of pits are highly linear 
with a host rock control playing a key role in Dragon South. Whilst there are major sets of low angle 
veins, and also steep vein arrays, these where not observed in areas of known higher gold grades. 
With only a few exceptions, there little  association between  gold  and vein arrays, dilational jogs or 
fault  intersections.  
The large -scale architecture described by the magnetics and gravity data sets is similar to other 
greenstone belts in the Yilgarn  Craton , for example in the  St Ives, Leonora and Kundana  gold fields . 
However, the structural style of the deposits is very different to either the St Ives or Kundana gold 
fields. The deposits studied in the southern Yandal Greenstone Belt are also substantially different 
to the world -class Jundee deposit in the northern part of the Yandal Greestone Belt. The Jundee 
deposit is a high -level brittle deposit with NNW -trending faults having sinistral -slip move ment. The 
geometry of mineralisation in the south, whilst unusual, is not unique to the Yilgarn  Craton . 
The deposits studied in the southern Yandal Greenstone Belt have some similarities to deposits in 
the Agnew area. At Agnew, the mineralisation at deposi ts such as Redeemer and Crusader is 
controlled by the development of discrete  shear  zones  that are axial -planar  to the main -fold 
geometry  where  the plunge of the fold hinges  control ore shoot geometry . The geometry of the low -
angle plunging ore shoots at O relia is similar  to these  deposits.  If this is a correct  analogy,  the plunge  
of the folds, ubiquitous  in the areas studied, will be a major ore shoot control for the southern Yandal  
Belt.  
The Bill’s Find Deposit in the northern part of the belt is distinct to the other deposits studied. This 
deposit has a structural geometry consistent with NW -SE shortening, which is a common paleo - 
stress field linked to gold mineralisation in the Yilgarn Craton. The southern Yandal Greenstone  Belt 
may be a structurally  distinct  domain  compared  to the northern  part  of the belt.  This may  impact  on 
targeting in the different areas. In this scenario, Bill’s Find would be located in the northern domain 
along with  Jundee.  
The inferred structural history based on  the field observations made in this study, is as follows 
(oldest to youngest events):  
1. Initial formation of major folds and dominant foliation and ductile  shears . 
2. A major component of gold minerali sation formed during the ductile shearing and is linked 
to foliation development (seen at Dragon South, Challenger, Success, Bronzewing, and 
Orelia). Ore bodies are controlled by regional architecture with host rocks and fold hinges 
playing a key control. The kinematics of this event are poorly  constrained . 
3. NW-SE shortening  linked  to the formation  of low angle  conjugate  veins.  This correlates  with 
the formation  of the Bill’s  Find  Deposit  and extensive  world -class  deposits  across the Yilgarn  
433Craton.  
4. NW-SE extension linked to the formation of steep vein areas and possible NE -trending 
normal  faults . 
5. Formation of a pervasive low -angle foliation that transects all structural features. This may 
correlate with the low -angle foliation Brett Davis has mapped previously and linked to 
orogenic collapse. This foliation may be part of the same event that formed the steep vein 
arrays.  
4344 pXRF Data and Lithogeochemical  Interpretations  
 
4.1 Introduction  
Over 1700 pXRF measurements were taken using an Olympus Vanta handheld pXRF unit from RC 
and diamond drill  holes . These drill  holes  were located along two traverses crossing the Bronzewing 
Deposit’s Central Pit, and the Lotus and Orelia’s Pits in the Yandal Greenstone  Belt, Western 
Australia.  
The pXRF  data  were  corrected  against  known  standards  and the Zr, Cr and Ti values  were  plotted  as 
ternary diagrams in ioGAS (Figure 26) to identify lithogeochemical groupings based on population 
density and Cr concentration. These newly classified lithology subsets were imported into Leapfrog 
Geo for visualisation in 3D. Local surface geology maps were imported into Leapfr og for cross - 
reference. A simple interpretation of the stratigraphy and the geometry of the study areas was 
carried out and can be found in the Leapfrog project in  appendix.  
 
4.2 Summary of  pXRF Results  
 
4.2.1 Bronzewing  Traverse  
 
The pXRF data were categorised into six fractionated mafic/ultramafic rock units based on  Cr 
abundance, using the density clusters shown in Figure 26. The six fractionated mafic to ultramafic 
rock units are as follows:  
- Low-Cr_Mafic (>10 -35%  Cr*10 relative to Ti ) 
- Low to Intermediate -Cr_Mafic (35 -~40%  Cr*10 relative to Ti ) 
- Intermediate -Cr_Mafic (40 -45%  Cr*10 relative to Ti ) 
- Intermediate to High -Cr_Mafic (45 -65%  Cr*10 relative to Ti ) 
- High -Cr_Mafic (70 -90%  Cr*10 relative to Ti ) 
- Ultramafic (≥90%  Cr*10 relative to Ti ) 
435 
 
 
Figure 26: Bronzewing transect dataset - pXRF ternary diagrams (Zr *50, Cr*10, Ti) identifying fractionated mafic unit lithologies of 
varying Cr concentration; (a) without density heat map, (b) with density heat map overlain  
 
 
 
Diamond drill  hole GCMBWRCD2625 ( far right in Figure 27) illustrates the fractionation of the more 
mafic lithologies in the system  (green lithogeochemical units) , whereas GCMBWRCD1096 (centre of 
Figure 27) intersects the high -Cr mafic and ultramafic rock types observed in the datase t (purple to 
fuschia lithogeochemical units) . 
 
The results of a compar ison of  the lithogeochemical interpretation of the Bronzewing traverse with 
the local geology map of Elmer et al. (2007) (see Figure 28 and Figure 29) are summarized below : 
- The mafic -ultramafic schist is ultramafic in composition (at least in vicinity of the  traverse) . 
- The pXRF High -Cr_Mafic unit corresponds to the ultramafic/dolerite of Elmer et al.  (2007) . 
- The contact between the ultramafic/dolerite and the mafic -ultramafic schist is defined in 
drill hole GCMBWRCD1096 as a contact between the High -Cr Mafic and the Ultramafic units 
on the basis of the pXRF  dataset . 
- Possible extension of the Bronzewing komatiite anticline is observed approximately 
perpendicular  to shallowly -dipping drill  hole  GCMBWU1034 .  
- Within the Bronzewing Deposit higher gold grades are located along the contact between 
the Ultramafic unit (GCMBWRCD1096), Int -High -Cr Mafic (GCMBWRCD893) and the more - 
fractionated, lower -Cr mafic units (see Figure 30). 
 
At Bronzewing, results of the lithological classification w ere also overlain on a local geology map in 
ArcMap, and the ultramafic zone located on the eastern side of the pit, highlighted in red in Figure 
30, could  infer  that there  has been  some  localised  shearing  linked  with  the formation  of the deposit.  
436 
 
Figure 27: W-E transect through the Bronzewing system showing sampled drill  holes, overlain with the lithologica l classification obtained 
using results of pXRF analyses .  
 
Figure 28: Plan -view of the W -E transect  (Figure 27)  through the Bronzewing system showing sampled drill  holes, overlain with the 
lithological classification obtained using results of pXRF analyses, with overlain geology map from Elmer et al 2007.  
437 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Figure 29:Outlining potential correlation between Elmer et al. 2007 geology map and pXRF dataset  
 
 
 
Figure 30: W-E transect through the Bronzewing system showing sampled drill  holes, overlain with the lithological classification obtained 
using results of pXRF analyses with the regions of g old grades >0.5 g/t show n in red .  
438 
 
 
Figure 31: Detail of geology defined from pXRF data around the Bronzewing Deposit (pit outlines shown)  overlain on the regional 
geology. Red circle highlights ultramafic zone on eastern side of pit, these may have localised shearing linked to the formation of the 
deposit. 1 km grid  
4394.2.2 Lotus - Orelia  Traverse  
 
The results of the pXRF data w ere categorised into six fractionated mafic/ultramafic rock units based 
on Cr abundance, using the density clusters shown in Figure 32 . Similar to the Bronzewing mafic 
lithologies, the Zr/Ti values of the mafic rocks in the  Orel ia-Lotus traverse  are relatively invariant . 
This consistency is also seen in the  (Th*3000/(Th*3000+Ti) ratio, used by Walshe et al. (2013) to 
classify the basalt lithologies , between 0.2 -0.4, approximating the ratio  of the Devon  Consul /  Athena  
basalts  (Figure  33). The lithogeochemical units include both sedimentary and mafic to ultramafic units 
where the six fractionated  mafic  to ultramafic  rock units are  defined  as follows:  
 
- Low-Cr_Mafic (>10 -35%  Cr) 
- Low to Intermediate -Cr_Mafic (35 -~40%  Cr) 
- Intermediate -Cr_Mafic (40 -45%  Cr) 
- Intermediate to High -Cr_Mafic (45 -65%  Cr) 
- High -Cr_Mafic (70 -90%  Cr) 
- Ultramafic (≥90%  Cr) 
 
 
Figure 32: Lotus -Orelia transect pXRF data Zr*50, Cr*10, Ti ternary diagrams used to classify the various lithologies observed within the 
dataset. (b) Added density cluster around the data.  
440 
 
Figure 33: Ternary diagram plot ting Th*3000, Cr*10 and Ti values of lab assays of samples from the Orelia area  
 
 
The Lotus -Orelia  traverse also includes  more Intermediate to felsic units which are distinguishable 
using  the pXRF dataset. The se units were defined using both the Cr, Ti, Zr  ternary and the Al, Ti, Zr 
ternary  as some of the more felsic units did not contain any Cr and therefore could not be classified 
on the Cr, Ti, Zr ternary diagram. On the Al,  Ti, Zr ternary (Figure 34 ), two clear groupings c an be 
distinguished. The volcanic rocks (intermediate, mafic and ultramafic) plot within a Zr -poor field of 
the diagram along a Ti -Al trend, whereas the rest of the data plots in a Zr -rich group interpreted as 
sedimentary units. The sediments are defined a s samples that do not follow the mafic -ultramafic 
trend and on this ternary plot have Zr>30%. On the Ti, Zr, Cr ternary diagram, these sedimentary 
rocks can be further divided into two categories based on Cr content . Samples which do not plot  on 
the Cr, Ti , Zr ternary diagram due to low are classified a Cr -poor Intermediate volcanics.  These three 
lithogeochemical groups are defined as follows:  
 
 
- Cr-rich Sediments (Zr>30%,  Cr>10%)  
- Sediments (Zr>30%, Cr<10%)  
- Intermediate volcanics (Zr<30% and  Cr<DL)  
441 
 
Figure 34: Zr*50, Al/10 and Ti ternary diagram of pXRF data from the Lotus -Orelia traverse used to separate volcanic/igneous lithologies 
from sedimentary lithologies. (b) Added density cluster around the data.  
 
 
Figure 35 shows the location of the drill  holes used for this study, on the geology map provided by 
Echo  Resources,  as well as cross  sections  going  from  the South  of the study  area  towards  the North 
(where the Lotus Open Pit is located). On the sections the colours represent the various lithologies 
interpreted using the results of pXRF analyses  (defined in Figures 32 and 34) . Using these lithologies 
and structural mapping done in the Orelia pit (see section 3.4), a general correlation between  the 
lithological units defined by the pXRF data can be done in 3D using  Leapfrog ( Figure 36 ). For most  of 
the drill holes, the mapped and lithogeochemical units c an be correlated using a NE -SW orientation 
and a shallow 30 -40° plunge to the SE. However, more  drilling  and more  data  would  be needed  for a 
more accurate  3D interpretation  of the geology , particular ly close  to the ore shoots  where  the 
geology  is more  complex  and faulting  and folding render s the 3D interpretation difficult. In general, 
the gold grades appear  located close to the contact between a lithological package of ultramafic and 
high -Cr mafic volcanic rocks and a package of low-Cr mafic volcanics  and sediments . These 
observations can be studied in more detail using the Leapfrog 3D model in the  appendi x. 
Using the gold assays provided by Echo Resources for the drill  holes present along this transect, an 
interpolation was produced in Leapfrog creatin g ore shells representing isosurfaces for specific gold 
values (0.2, 0.5, 1, 5, 10, and 100 ppm). The interpolation of the gold grades was done  in a two-step  
process.  The first interpolation  was done  using  an isotropic  interpolation  in order to observe Au 
variations without any interpretation bias. Results of this interpolation show a very clear trend of 
the ore zones extending towards the SW at depth ( see long section in Figure 35 ). This trend was 
taken into accoun t for a more accurate interpolation in step 2 using a spheroidal interpolant and 
incorporation a general trend (trend observed in step 1: dip 30, dip azimuth 155 and pitch 90) and 
using the following settings: a nugget effect of 0.3, a range of 600m,  an accuracy  of 0.0006,  and a 
constant  drift  (ordinary  kriging)  (see long section in Figure 35 ). This interpolation will be used further 
in this report to compare with observed changes in the mineralogy detailed in section  5.3. 
442 
 
Figure 35: Sections through the Orelia -Lotus study area showing the drill  holes sampled with the lithological classification obtained with 
pXRF analyses. In the long section is also shown the interpolated model of gold grades within the system.  
443 
 
Figure 36: Screen shots from the leapfrog model of the Orelia area. a) Results of a draft interpretation of the major lithological conta cts 
using the results of the lithological interpretation done with the pXRF dataset. Note: Th is is not an accurate model, just an aid for the 
visualisation of the major lithological units.  
 
 
 
4.3 Comparison of Lithogeochemical  Classification s with Regional 
Historical Datasets and  the Northern Yandal  Greenstone Belt 
The lithogeochemical  classification  determined by the  pXRF  results  was compared  with  a historical  
database  from  the Yand al Greenstone  Belt provided by Echo  Resources  as well as historical  work  of 
Eilu et al. (2001) (median Zr, Cr and TiO 2 compositions of altered and unaltered Fe - and Mg - 
tholeiites). The dataset f rom Eilu et al. (2001) is limited as it is restricted to basaltic units . The dataset  
only corresponds to the Low -Cr_Mafic unit, although it correlates well with that end of the dataset  
(Figure  37). The median Zr, Cr and TiO 2 compositions of altered and unaltered Fe - and Mg -tholeiites 
from historical  work  of Eilu et al. were  plotted  in ioGAS  (Figure  38) and compared  against  the 
fractionated lith o-types from  the pXRF  dataset.  
Figure 37: Median compositions of Zr, Cr and TiO 2 from the Fe -and Mg -rich basalt units (Eilu et al. 2001) were plotted to compare 
against the pXRF dataset  
444 
 
Figure 38: Comparison of pXRF dataset and median basalt dataset from Eilu et al. (2001)  
 
To compare the d ata from the historical dataset of the Yandal Belt with the results obtained with 
pXRF , the historical data  was plotted  within  the Cr-Ti-Zr ternary  diagram  and the pXRF lithological  
classification  was applied to it ( Figure 39 ). The classified data was then imported into Leapfrog Geo 
and ArcMap to determine if the spatial relationships between the lithologies identified were 
consistent between the datasets (see Figure  40). 
Interestingly, the north ern part of the belt contains a greater proportion of fractionated (low -Cr) 
basalts, in comparison with both the Bronzewing and the Orelia -Lotus sequences. This could be 
indicative a relative younger part of the volcanic stratigraphy.  
One outcome  of this l ithogeochemical classification  is that an ultramafic  unit was identified  both  at 
Orelia  and Bronzewing. At Bronzewing, this ultramafic unit  is present on the eastern side of one of 
the open pits (see red ellipse in Figure 29 ) and may imply that some of the shearing within the deposit 
reflects strain localisation  within  the ultramafic  unit.  This same  Ultramafic/High -Cr_Mafic  package  is 
also found  in the  northern  Yandal  subjacent  to a felsic/intermediate  intrusion  and presumably  within  
a structural corridor ( Figure  40). 
 
The undifferentiated mafic -ultramafic schist volcanic unit are in fact two separate units and were able 
to be differentiated by the pXRF data.  
445 
Figure 39: Historical geochemical data provided by Echo Resources plotted in ioGAS with attributes from pXRF data applied  
 
 
 
Figure 40: Historical geochemical dataset imported into Leapfrog  
446 
 
 
Figure 41: Geology of the northern Yandal Belt with  overalain with the lithogeochemical units defined from the historical pXRF data (10 
km grid)  
4475 TIMA Mineral  Mapping  
 
5.1 Introduction  
Mineral phase mapping of diamond core and reverse -circulation (RC) chips was completed using a 
Tescan Integrated Mineral Analyser (TIMA), which operates with a MIRA TescanTM field emission gun  
(FEG)  scanning  electron  microscope  (SEM),  coupled  with  3 EDAX  detectors  using  a 25 keV,  6 nA 
beam. 451 diamond core and RC chip samples were set in 25 mm moulds with epoxy resin and 
polished  to a 0.5-micron  finish.  Most  of the diamond  core  samples  were  taken  from  the groundmass, 
avoiding veining to assess alteration assemblages present in each rock -type. A few representative 
samples of the veining were also collected. Samples were taken on average every 10 m along drill  
holes.  
The mineral  mass  data  were  plotted  in ioGAS  to visualise  important  subsets  of minerals  and 
determine if specific phase changes could be linked with proximity to the  ore zones. The Leapfrog -
ioGAS link was also used to visualise these mineral variation s and zonations in  3D. 
Using ioGA S classification of samples  was carried out  based on bulk concentration of specific mineral 
subsets (i.e. type of oxide, feldspar, hydrous silicate and sulfides observed in dominating proportion 
in the sample). The results of this classification can then b e viewed in 3D in Leapfrog using the io GAS 
link, and Au assay values can be overlain on the top of these mineral classification for interpretation.  
 
5.2 Bronzewing  Transect  
At Bronzewing, TIMA data was collected every 10 m on the 13 drill  holes in the traverse  across and 
to the East of the Central Pit.  
 
5.2.1 Plagioclase -Feldspar  Classification  
 
The Bronzewing samples were classified into 6 mineralogical groups based on their plagioclase 
feldspar content and composition  (Figure 42). These classifications were then projected into 
Leapfrog and visualized with respect to gold values to assess any mineral zonation or variability 
associated with r egions of gold minerali sation (Figure 43). 
448 
 
Figure 42: Feldspar Ternary Diagram  for classification of samples in the Bronzewing transect  
 
 
3D visualisation of plagioclase feldspar  composition and abundance shows  varia bility in the 
presence  of Ca and Na  endmembers  across the transect, reflecting  different  alteration  zones across 
the transect . Broadly,  the easternmost  end of the transect is dominated by albite (Na-endmember) 
and the westernmost end dominated by anorthite (Ca-endmember)  (Figure 43). 
 
 
Figure 43: 3D visualisation of plagioclase feldspar classifications from Figure 42  overlain with Au assay s (1-50 g/t scale)  
4495.2.2 Titanium Oxide  Classification  
 
The same  classification  process was completed for the titanium -bearing phases present (titan ite, 
ilmenite and rutile) in the dataset (see Figure 44 and Figure 45 ). 
 
 
Figure 44: Ternary diagram of titanium -bearing phases  in the Bronzewing transect  
 
Figure 45: Titanium -bearing phases visualised in -section view  of the Bronzewing transect with Au assays overlain.  
4505.2.3 Mineral Zonation Patterns and Chemical  Gradients  
 
While the data presented on sections (e.g. Figure 43 and Figure 45 ) are effective for identifying  
varia bility  in mineral species and potential gradients, inverse - distance  weighted  interpolation  (IDW)  
grids provides an  improve d visualisation of these zones (and other minerals), with respect to their 
individual concentrations.  By u sing IWD  grids  of the TIMA  data,  generated  in ioGAS, mineral zonation 
patterns can be identified that are representational of mineral concentration s across the available  
dataset .  
Data visualisation using the IDW grid technique provides a scalable method for determining 
important mineral gradients which are  important indicators associated with orogenic gold deposits. 
The following table (Table 1) summarises the series of IDW grids created to help improve the 
understanding of mineral assembl ages in the gold -bearing zone.  
The following  series  of IDW  grid images  (Figure  46 to Figure  64) were  used  to develop  the summary 
given in Table 1. Additional observations as well as any further thoughts/comments follow the 
figures.  
451Mineral  Au- zone  Comments  
Albite  Y Moderate association with Au -zone, predominately located within low -Cr 
mafic package (identified in lithogeochemical model).  
Apatite  Y Strong, localised association within centre of high -grade Au zone.  
Calcite  Y Metasomatic, consistent association with Au mineralisation present along 
transect.  
Microcline  Y Strong association within Au zones, particularly BWRCD893.  
Muscovite  Y Associated with Au  zone, more obvious in downhole graphs.  
Phengite  Y Strong association  with Au , particularly along BWRCD893.  
Pyrrhotite  Y Definitive association with Au -bearing zones along transect, mostly 
associated within low -Cr mafic package.  
Quartz  Y Follows Au zones and most low -Cr, fractionated units, harder to distinguish.  
Rutile  Y Moderate concentration in Au -zone, but higher concentrations seem to be 
proximal, metasomatic.  
Ilmenite  Y/N Highest concentrations associated outside of Au -zones, definitive visual 
gradients between rutile and ilmenite zones, metasomatic.  
Scheelite  Y Strong association within Au -zone.  
Pyrite  N Peripheral/adjacent to Au -mineralisation, typically vastly located within 
high -Cr mafics down to most -fractionated mafics.  
Magnetite  N Strong association with ultramafic and high -Cr mafic units in seemingly 
peripheral, outer sub -system away from Au.  
Anhydrite  N Distal to Au mineralisation, appearing at zone between high -Cr mafic and 
intermediate -Cr mafic units.  
Andesine  N Prevalent within most -fractionated mafic packages.  
Anorthite  N Peripheral to Au -zone, but presence indicates useful transition zones.  
Clinozoisite  N Proximal to Au -formation, surrounding Au -zone along BWRCD893.  
Titanite  N Distal to Au, metasomatic.  
Biotite  N Peripheral to Au, important pH/temperature transition zone.  
 
Table 1 IDW grid summary  
452 
 
Figure 46: IDW grid of TIMA data for pyrrhotite from 0 -0.5 wt.% 
 
• Regions of gold minerali sation are associated with pyrrhotite zones greater than 0.5%  
volume,  possibly  demonstrating  higher  temperature  ± reduced  ± lower  sulphur  activity 
domains . 
• The p yrrhotite  trend  related  to minerali sation  appears  to be dipping  towards  the east;  the 
trend is also present with most mineralised zones along the  transect . 
• Predominately  located  within  the low-Cr mafic  unit as outlined  in lithogeochemical  analysis.  
Figure 47: IDW grid of TIMA data for pyrite from 0 -0.5 wt.% 
 
• Pyrite is peripheral to Au -mineralisation,  and is  typically located within high -Cr mafic  units  
down to the most -fractionated  mafic  units  
• Pyrite  is possibly  indicative  of lower  temperature  ± oxidized  ± higher  sulphur  activity  domains.  
453 
 
Figure 48: IDW grid of TIMA data for Hematite_Magnetite from 0 -1 wt.% 
 
• Hematite –magnetite shows  a strong association with ultramafic and high -Cr mafic units in 
peripheral  regions, distal  from  Au minerali sation . 
Figure 49: IDW grid of TIMA data for anhydrite from 0 —0.01 wt.% 
 
• Anhydrite  is typically seen distal to Au zones in or ogenic gold  deposits,  
• Here  it is located  distally  to the dominant  Au-mineralisation  and near  to the contact  between 
high -Cr mafic and int -Cr mafic  units.  
454 
 
Figure 50: IDW grid of TIMA data for andesine from 0 -20 wt.% 
 
• Andesine  is not associated  with  Au-zones but  is distinctively  associated  with  the most  
fractionated  mafic units identified in the lithogeochemical analysis.  
Figure 51: IDW grid of TIMA data for anorthite from 0 -5 wt.% 
 
• Anorthite is strongly associated with intermediate to high -Cr mafic rock sequences and  
occurs proximal to  the Au-zone/transition zone . 
• The presence of anorthite  indicates useful transition zones/fluid pathways.  
455 
 
Figure 52: IDW grid of TIMA data for albite from 0 –30 wt.% 
 
• Albite shows a moderate association with Au -zone s, predominately located within low -Cr 
mafics pack age identified in lithogeochemical  model.  
Figure 53: IDW grid of TIMA data for microcline from 0 -3 wt.% 
 
• Microcline shows a strong association with Au zones, particularly  in drill  hole BWRCD893.  
456 
 
Figure 54: IDW grid of TIMA data for calcite from 0 -20 wt.% 
 
• Calcite floods the Au -zone, appears to be metasomatic, consistent association with Au 
mineralisation present along  transect.  
Figure 55: IDW grid of TIMA data for clinozoisite from 0 -5 wt.% 
 
• Clinozoisite occurs  proximal to Au -zones and adjacent to Au -zone in  drill hole BWRCD893.  
457 
 
Figure 56: IDW gr id of TIMA data for apatite from 0 -0.7 wt.% 
 
• Apatite shows a localised association with Au minerali sation. Notably centred on high -
grade Au zone in  drill hole BWRCD893.  
Figure 57: IDW grid of TIMA data for rutile from 0 -0.2 wt.% 
 
• Rutile shows moderate concentration in Au -zone, but higher concentrations seem to be 
proximal  and metasomatic.  
458 
 
Figure 58: IDW grid of TIMA data for ilmenite from 0 -0.8 wt.% 
 
• Ilmenite occurs peripheral to Au -zones,  is metasomatic,  and definitive visual gradients are 
observed between rutile and ilmenite -rich zones . 
Figure 59: IDW grid of TIMA data for  titanite from 0 -1 wt.% 
 
• Titanite is distal to Au -zones  and is  metasomatic.  
459 
 
Figure 60: IDW grid of TIMA data for scheelite from 0 -0.0005 wt.% 
 
• Scheelite is notably associated with  Au-zone s. 
 
Figure 61: IDW grid of TIMA data for muscovite from 0 -9 wt.% 
 
• Muscovite is associated with Au -zone s (see later  discussion) . 
460 
 
Figure 62: IDW grid of TIMA data for muscovite -phengite  from 0 -0.5 wt.% 
 
• Muscovite -phengite shows a strong association with Au, particularly in  drill hole  BWRCD893.  
Figure 63: IDW grid of TIMA data for biotite from 0 -15 wt.% 
 
• Biotite occurs  peripheral to Au -zone s, and represents an  important pH/temperature 
transition  zone.  
461 
 
Figure 64: IDW grid of TIMA data for quartz from 0 -35 wt.% 
 
• Quartz follows the Au -zone and is abundant in low -Cr, fractionated units in the hanging  
wall of the Au-zone.  
 
5.2.4 Mineral Assemblages in  Drill hole BWRCD893  
 
The distribution of feldspars and hydrous silicate minerals within and proximal to the high -grade 
gold zone in  drill hole  BWRCD893 is shown in Figure 65 and Figure 66 using 2D stacked bar graphs.  
Salient features/observations of the mineral assemblages/gradients in BWRCD893 include:  
• Microcline is relatively abundant in the Au zone with  albite,  
• There is a notable transition from  more  Na-rich feldspar species to Ca -feldspar (andesine 
and anorthite) in both the footwall and hanging  wall of the Au  zone,  
• Muscovite,  particularly  phengitic  muscovite  and biotite  occur  in the Au-zone.  These 
assemblages place important constraints on conditions of Au mineralisation (temperature,  
pH, redox, CO 2 ± H 2S activity),  
• Ca-amphibole (hornblende ± actinolite) is the dominant Fe -Mg silicate in the footwall and 
hanging  wall of the Au zone, more or less coi ncident with the Ca -feldspar  domains,  
• Calcite tends to be inversely correlated with  Ca-amphibole,  
• Chlorite  coexist s with  rutile  in the Au zone  which  is an important  indicator  of water  activity  
± temperature gradients in the system,  
• Late -stage pyrrhotite and microcline appear to be overprinting in parallel leading into the 
Au-zone ( Figure 69 ), and then within the Au -zone the relationship shifts towards pyrrhotite 
and apatite overprinting in parallel ( Figure  73), 
• Calcite  replacement  of quartz  (Figure  74) with  clinochlore  in the Au zone  could  be indicative 
of alkaline fluids and a possible pH gradient at least  locally.  
4620% 10%  20%  30%  40%  50%  60%  70%  80%  90%  100%  
145.80  
159.40  
170.20  
180.10  
190.50  
201.40  
211.80  
233.70  
244.80  
255.10  
266.20  
278.70  
289.90  
300.70  
310.60  
321.70  
332.80  
343.05  
353.10  
363.05  
375.30  
387.70  
394.25  
403.40  
416.40  
426.30  
436.10  
443.20  
453.20  
464.10  
473.50  
482.30  
493.10  
506.80  
510.15  
520.15  
530.20  
539.30  
 
Anorthite  Andesine  Oligoclase  Microcline  
 
Figure 65: Feldspar distribution in drill hole BWRCD893  
463 
 
Figure 66: Hydrous -silicate distribution in drill hole BWRCD893
Actinolite_Mg  Hornblende  Calcite  Clinochlore  Chamosite  Muscovite  Biotite  Muscovite_phengitic  
145.80  
159.40  
170.20  
180.10  
190.50  
201.40  
211.80  
233.70  
244.80  
255.10  
266.20  
278.70  
289.90  
300.70  
310.60  
321.70  
332.80  
343.05  
353.10  
363.05  
375.30  
387.70  
394.25  
403.40  
416.40  
426.30  
436.10  
443.20  
453.20  
464.10  
473.50  
482.30  
493.10  
506.80  
510.15  
520.15  
530.20  
539.30  
100%  
 90%  
 80%  
 70%  
 60%  
 50%  
 40%  
 30%  
 20%  
 10%  
 0% 
Hydrous -Silicate Distribution in BWRCD893 with  Calcite  
464   
5.3 Orelia – Lotus  Transect  
Within  the Orelia -Lotus  study  area , TIMA  data  was collected  approximately  every  10 m on the 8 drill  
holes selected for the NNW -SSE traverse cross cutting both the Orelia and the Lotus open pits. The 
results will be presented in two  parts : 
- The first part describe s the application of the mineral  classification  schemes  developed as part 
of this mineral mapp ing project  to the samples from the  Orelia -Lotus  transect . To aid 
visualisation of these schemes , they were plotted in down drill  hole as 2D stacked bar graphs 
for four drill  holes with gold bearing intersections: ODDH0005, ODDH0006, ODDH0021a and 
ODDH0027  (Figure 75 to Figure 78). Mineral zonation maps were constructed  using  inverse -
distance  weighted  interpolation  (IWD)  grids  of the TIMA  data  in ioGAS.  These maps and 
classifications assist with  visualisation  of chemical  gradients  and mineral  zonings  in relation to 
lithological units and the spatial distribution of gold grades across the transect.   
- The second part is focus ed on a more detailed study of the assemblages and cross cutting / 
timing  relationships  observed  in the mineral  maps  collected  from the transect  and presents a 
simple preliminary paragenesis  for the minerali sation at Or elia-Lotus . 
 
 
 
5.3.1 Plagioclase -Feldspar Classification and Distribution  
 
There are a wide range of feldspar compositions present within the dataset, from the calcic end 
member  (anorthite) to the sodic end members (albite -oligoclase ) (Figure 67). In order to study the 
3D distribution of these feldspar end members  in the system in the context of the  lithological  units  
and gold  grades  across the transect , the classified  dataset  was visualized using  Leapfrog  Geo (Project  
in appendix and sections plotted in Figure 78  and Figure 79 ). There is no  clear lithological control on 
the predominant feldspar type in the sample s.  
 
Anorthite  
In general,  anorthite  is enriched  in the sedimentary  and basaltic  packages  (as opposed to the High -Cr 
– ultramafic packages) ( Figure 68). Anorthite may be present in gold -enriched sections of drill core , 
suggesting the calcic -feldspar can be stable at the time of gold minerali sation.    
 
Andesine  
The abundance of andesine is also low in ultramafic units  compared with  sedimentary  and basaltic 
units. It is relatively enriched (c.f. albite, oligoclase, and anorthite) proximal to gold zones (e.g. at 
~60m depth in ODDH0027; Figure 78) but shows no general pattern of absolute enriched with gold 
(Figure 79).  
 
Albite  
The abundance of albite is not a strongly correlated with lithology. Albite ± microcline is relatively 
enriched proximal (within 10s of metres) to some gold zones (e.g.  at ~500 -510m depth in 
465ODDH0021a; Figure 77; at ~70 -90m depth in ODDH0006; Figure 76), but as with andesine, albite 
shows no general pattern of absolute enriched relative to gold ( Figure 68). 
466 
 
Figure 67: Classification scheme f or Plagioclase  Feldspar minerals  and their distribution across the 8 drill  holes of the Orelia -Lotus  
transect . a) Ternary diagram used to classify the samples based on  their most abundant plagioclase  feldspar  phase ( anorthite , andesine 
and albite ), b) and c) are long sections showing the plagioclase feldspar classification  applied to 8 sampled drill  holes (gold concentration 
interpolation for context ). View to the NE (north to left)   
 
 
Microcline  
As with other feldspars, microcline is less abundant in the ultramafic  units than  in mafic and 
sediment ary packages . Microcline is commonly enriched in and/ or proximal to gold zone s (e.g.  at 
~500-510m depth in ODDH0021A; Figure 77) but the inverse is not true.  Not all mineralogical 
assemblages  with microcline are associated with the gold (see next section on paragenesis).  A late 
microcline -albite -chlorite alteration is  common. It is well developed in ODDH0019A @~550 -615m 
and in ODDH001 7 @ 500 -700m. Muscovite bounds these domains.    
 
 
Most albite is paragenetically early although there is a later generation (see discussion  below ). The 
early albite is commonly overprinte d by later calcic plagioclase . The assemblage is well developed in 
more distal drill  holes  such  as ODDH0021a  and ODDH0019a .  
 
In ODDH0019a the albite assemblage is developed throughout the hole and variably overprinted by 
an andesine -anorthite -amphibole assemblage @ ~ 10 -130m and ~500 -800m. A late microcline ± albite 
± chlorite assemblage is developed @ ~650 -800m and is bounded by  muscovite.   
 
Proximal to gold zones (e.g., drill holes ODDH0005,  ODDH0006,  ODDH0027  and ODDH0039)  there is  
more variation in feldspar compositions, as well as a more complex assemblages with the 
predominant feldspar changing from one sample to the next. This might be also due an increase in 
467the structural complexity of the gold enriched regions of the  system.   
 
In the Kundana camp the transition from an early albitic alteration to mappable andesine is taken as 
the most distal indicator of the gold system. The presence of domains of early albitic and plagioclase -
rich (andesine through anorthite) alteration in all holes indicates the margin s of the system at Orelia 
have not been mapped.   
 
There is some apparent lithological control on the feldspar distribution. In ODDH0021a, the most 
southe rn drill hole in the Orelia - Lotus transect, there is a distinct transition  over ~ 300m from an 
albite dominant zone in the top of the hole to an andesine -anorthite zone in the lower part of the 
hole ( Figure 77).  The transitio n occurs across an ultramafic/high -Cr mafic package (~ 340 - 470m 
depth). Microcline ± albite alteration occurs at the base of the package at ~450 -470m depth 
immediately above the best gold minerali sation of the hole at ~470 -485m depth. Rutile ± titanite ±  
pyrite is most abundant in the albite dominant zone and ilmenite ± pyrrhotite in the andesine -
anorthite zone.  Minerals present across the gold zone (TIMA samples 474.7, 474.75, 476.65, 476.7 
and 483.5) include anorthite, andesine, pyrrhotite, ilmenite, qu artz, calcite with amphibole, 
clinochlore, biotite and minor titanite and hematite -magnetite.   
 
Similar relationships are apparent in ODDH0017  
 
468 
 
 
 
Figure 68: Mineral abundance maps (IDW  grid) for plagioclases as well as microcline (K -feldspar). The black ellipses highlight where the elevated gold grades are present within the system . View looking 
west (north to right)  
4695.3.2   Titanium Oxide Classification and Distribution  
 
The distribution of the predominant Ti -bearing oxide phases (titanite,  ilmenite  and rutile) is plotted 
in Figure 80 as  a ternary diagram.  Within  the system, all  three  phases  are present  as well as a few 
with a mixed composition between ilmenite and titan ite. To visualize  the  3D distribution of the Ti - 
bearing oxide phases  in the system in the context of  the lithological units and gold grade, the 
classified samples were imported i nto and viewed using Leapfrog Geo (Project in Appendix and 
sections plotted in Figure 80 and Figure 82 ). There seems to be  a lithological control on the 
predominant Ti - bearing oxide phase, with  ultramafic rocks containing predominantly ilmenite, 
mafic rocks containing predominantly titan ite, and sediments dominated by  rutile, although 
variations of these are observed as well, especially in the ore zone where the stratigraphic control 
is not as s trong . This is potentially due to the composition of the Ti -bearing oxide phase being 
controlled by the composition of ore fluids instead of buffered by the rock composition in these 
areas.  
 
 
 
Figure 69: Classification scheme based on  Ti-oxide  phases  and their distribution across the transect . a) Ternary diagram used to classify 
the samples in function of their most abundant Ti -oxide phase ( ilmenite , rutile and titanite ), b) and c) are long sections showi ng the Ti -
bearing  oxide  classification  applied to the 8 sampled drill holes  (gold  concentration  interpolation for context ). View to the NE (north to 
left)   
470Rutile :  
In general , there  is a lithological  control  on the presence  of rutile  across the transect as it is more  
enriched  in the sediment ary units  in the footwall to the lode (Figure 70), although it may also occur 
proximal to minerali sation (e.g.  at ~176m depth in ODDH0006; Figure 76). It is not as common in 
the Orelia  gold zones as observed in other studies.  There is a n association of rutile with early albite 
alteration e.g. top of ODDH00021a . This is consistent with the early albite assemblages being 
relatively low temp (less than ~400 °C) c.f. the calcic plagioclase assemblages forming at ~ 400 to 
500 °C.    
 
Ilmenite :  
Ilmenite is the dominant Ti -oxide phase across the transect  (Figure  80), and there  may be  a 
lithological  control with ilmenite being  the predominant Ti-oxide phase in ultramafic lithologies .  
High absolute ilmenite abundanc es (Figure 81) , proximal to gold zone s, reflect  the main host 
lithology which is a low Cr basalt.  
 
Titanite :  
Titanite is the predominant Ti -bearing oxides in basaltic lithologies ( Figure 80 , 81). These are some 
notable down hole transitions in the abundance of titanite ±rutile vs ilmenite. In ODDH0014 
(northern part of the transect) titanite is dominant in the upper hole (200 t o ~550  m) in the 
ultramafic/mafic section. In contrast titanite ±rutile is dominant in the lower section of ODDH0017 
in the mafic/sedimentary package (~500 to 700  m); including the Au zone.       
 
In general,  the relative  abundanc es of Ti-bearing  oxide  phases  in the Orelia -Lotus  system do not 
show a simple spatial vector to gold  mineralisation , as has been observed elsewhere . Ilmenite is the 
most common phase proximal to minerali sation , but it is also  preferentially developed in the 
ultramafic rocks. Rutile well developed in the sediments  but also occurs with early albitic 
assembl ages. Titanite is stable distall y (~100s m from minerali sation) in the basal tic and 
sedimentary packages (e.g. ODDH0016) and may be stable close to Au minerali sation.   
The overall distribution of ilmenite vs titanite ( Figure 69) suggests ilmenite develops in the core of 
the system and titanite is distal.  The implication is that the titanite -ilmenite transition form s a 
broad , steeply west -dipping  halo aro und the gold zones. Identifying this transition would help 
targeting high grade Au zones.  
 
The greater abundance of ilmenite and titanite versus rutile is indicative of a higher temperature 
system, with temperatures in the range ~450 -500 °C.  However, the apparent lithological controls  
suggest additional constraints. The relative stabilities of rutile - ilmenite and titanite - ilmenite are 
controlled by H 2S and CO 2 activity as well as temperature and pressure; viz:  
 
TiO 2 + FeS + H 2O = FeTiO 3 + H2S  
CaTiSiO 5 + CO 2 + FeS + H 2O = FeTiO 3 + SiO 2 + CaCO 3 + H 2S  
 
assuming coexisting quartz, calcite and pyrrhotite. One possibility is that the available iron in the 
different lithologies influenced the H2S activity of the fluid. The more Fe -Mg rich lithologies  (mafics, 
471ultramafics)  supplied more iron to the fluids which suppressed the activity of H 2S and favoured 
ilmenite relative to rutile and/o r titanite. Conversely , fluids in the Fe -poor sediments were relatively   
enriched in H 2S, favouring rutile and/or titanite relative to ilmenite.   
472 
 
 
Figure 70: Mineral abundance maps (IDW grids) for Ti -bearing oxides. The black ellipses  highlight regions of  elevated gold grades within the system . View looking west (north to right)  
 
473The hydrolysis reaction controlling iron solubility is:  
 
Fe2+ + H 2S = FeS +2H+.  
 
A higher pH fluid in the ultramafic  rocks would also decrease activity of H 2S and favour ilmenite 
stability.     
 
At 400 to 450 °C for XCO2 > 0.1 -0.2 and 2kbar, rutile will be stable if log aH 2S is greater than ~ -1. 
For lower activity of H 2S ilmenite will be stable.   
 
The broader titanite to il menite transition in the Orelia system is taken to reflect higher CO 2 activity 
in the core of the system.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Figure 71: Classification  scheme  for sulfides  and magnetite -hematite and their distribution across the transect . a) Ternary  diagram  used  
to classify  the samples  based on  their  most  abundant  sulfide  phase/magnetite  (pyrrhotite,  pyrite,  hematite -magnetite ), b) and c) are long  
sections showing sulfides/magnetite classification applied to the 8 sampled drill ho les (gold concentration interpolation for  context ). 
View to the NE (north to left)  
 
 
5.3.1 Sulfide and Iron -oxide Classification and Distribution  
474 
The distribution  of the two main  sulfide  phases  present in the system (pyrite and pyrrhotite) as well 
as hematite -magnetite are plotted  in a ternary  diagram  in Figure  82 . To visualize the 3D distribution  
of these  phases  in the system  in the context of  the lithological  units  and the gold grades, the 
classified samples were impor ted into and viewed using in Leapfrog Geo (Project in appendix and 
sections plotted in Figure 82 and Figure 83 ).  
 
Figure 83 shows mineral zonation patterns obtained using IWD grids of the TIMA data across the 
study area for pyrrhotite, pyrite, hematite -magnetite and arsenopyrite.  
There is no clear lithological control on the predominant sulfide phase present (pyrite vs pyrrhotite) 
in the system.  
 
Pyrrhotite  
Overall, pyrrhotite is the most dominant sulfide phase. It is enriched  within and proximal to the ore 
zone s (Figure 72 ), but it is also present  in holes on the limits of the transect  (ODDH0014 and 
ODDH0021a) .  
 
Pyrite  
 
Pyrite is also present in and proximal to the ore zone .   It is the dominant sul fide in zones at depth 
in drill holes  ODDH0016 , ODDH001 7 and ODDH00 19a ( Figure 71 and Figure 72). 
 
In ODDH0021a, the most southe rn drill hole in the Orelia - Lotus transect, there is a distinct 
transition from pyrite in the top of the hole to pyrrhotite at the bottom ( Figure 77) that is broadly 
coincident with the transition from the albite dominant zone to an andesine -anorthite zone in this 
hole.  
 
Neither pyrrhotite nor pyrite show a distinct spatial association with gold . Detailed study of 
assemblages and cross cutting relationships (see section  5.3.7 ) indicate that both phases may occur 
as part of the gold mineralising assemblage.  
 
Arsenopyrite  
Arsenopyrite is not directly associated with  the most elevated go ld grades  but occurs in the 
immediate footwall of the Orelia ore zone ( Figure  83). It is also present in holes on the limits of the  
transect (ODDH0014 and ODDH0021a).  
 
Hematite -magnetite  
The distribution of hematite -magnetite partly overlaps  with  gold zones  (Figure 83 , Figure 75 and 
Figure 76) and it is interpreted as being part of the proximal gold mineralising ass emblage.  
Magnetite occurs with pyrrhotite in the lower section of ODDH0021a, the most southe rn drill hole 
in the transect. The gold zone in the hole lies within the magnetite -pyrrhotite domain.  Coexisting 
magnetite and pyrrhotite is consistent with alkalin e fluids.   
475 
 
 
Figure 72: Mineral  abundance  maps  for sulfides/magnetite  (pyrrhotite,  pyrite,  arsenopyrite  and magnetite).  The black  ellipses  highlight  regions of elevated  gold  grades  within the system . View looking west 
(north to right)  
 
4765.3.2 Distribution of Hydrous Mineral Phases  
 
The distribution of some of the more comm on hydrous silicates: epidote, actinolite, biotite, 
muscovite, clinochlore and hornblend e are shown in IWD grids of the TIMA data across the study 
area in Figure 84.  
 
Epidote  
In general , epidote  occurs in highest abundance in the low-Cr basalt  lithology  and is also spatially 
associated with the gold mineralisation.  
 
Actinolite  
The distribution of a ctinolite  displays  very  similar  zonation  patterns as epidote regarding proximity 
to the gold  zone.  
 
Biotite  
Biotite is distributed across all lithologies and , at the sampling scale,  shows no simple spatial 
relationship to gold.   
In ODDH000 5 (Figure 75) biotite is well developed across the boundary between ultramafic/mafic 
rocks and sediments. In this setting the biotite may reflect local host rock control with K sourced 
from the sediments and Fe -Mg from the mafic/ultramafic rocks.     
 
Muscovite  
Muscovite  distribution  is related  to lithology, with generally low abundances  in ultramaf ic rocks,  
high  concentrations  in sediment , and varying  in abundance  in basaltic  units . However,  there is an 
apparent  negative spatial correlation with gold as muscovite is  depleted in gold enriched areas even 
when the lithology is either a sediment or a  basalt.  A distinct zone of muscovite is developed in 
sediments in the footwall of the  Orelia  lode ( Figure 73).  
 
Clinochlore  and hornblende   
Clinochlore is more abundant  in ultramafic or high -Cr lithologies . Hornblende  does not seem  to 
show a lithological control . 
However, the spatial distribution s of hornblende and clinoch lore are inversely correlated  across the 
transect. Hornblende is more abundant  in the northern part of the system towards the Lotus deposit 
and conversely  clinochlore  is more abundant in the southern  part of the system  – south  of Orelia.  
The transition is observed at the drill -core scale in  ODDH0021a  (Figure 77), with clinochlore abundant 
above the Au zone ( at ~470 -485m ) and  hornblende below the gold zone.  This clinochlore -amphibole  
transition proximal  to gold  lode s has been  observed  in other  cases  studies  (e.g.  the Athena  deposit,  
St Ives camp and the Pegasus deposit, Kundana  camp).  
477 
 
 
Figure 73: Mineral  abundance  maps  (IDW grids)  for epidote,  actinolite,  biotite,  muscovite,  clinochlore  and hornblende.  Black ellipses  highlight  elevated  gold  grades . View looking west (north to right)  
4785.3.3 Other Mineral Zoning  Patterns  
 
Other minerals of interest in gold systems include calcite, scheelite, tourmaline (dravite), quartz and 
apatite. The distribution of these mineral phase across the transect is show as IDW grids of the TIMA 
data in Figure 85 , and the  observations are summarized below:   
 
Apatite :  
Concentrations are low in the ultramafic rocks but overall appear enriched in distal parts of the 
system forming a halo around the gold zone.  
 
Scheelite (calcium tungstate) :  
Scheelite is notably enriched pro ximal to the Au zones but also occurs in the footwall of the Orelia 
deposit and in ODDH0021a.  
 
Dravite (tourmaline) :  
Dravite is enriched proximal to gold  zones  but also occurs in the footwall of the Orelia deposit 
(Figure 74), focused on the sediment package,  and at depth in ODDH0014.  
 
Calcite :  
Calcite is focused on the  gold zones, notably in the Orelia deposit b ut also with minerali sation in the 
footwall and in the Au zone in ODDH0021a at ~470 -485m ( Figure 77). 
 
Quartz :  
Quartz is enriched proximal to gold zone s.   Quartz is also associated with the muscovite ± rutile zone 
that is focused on the sediments in the footwall of the Orelia minerali sation.  
 
Anhydrite and barite:  
Minor sul phate, mostly anhydrite, occurs in ODDH0014 , ODDH0019a and ODDH0021a , i.e. at the 
northern and southern ends of the transect.
479 
 
 
 
Figure 74: Mineral abundance maps (IDW grids) for apatite, scheelite, dravite, calcite and quartz. Black ellipses  highlight elevated gold grades . View looking west (north to right)  
480The following table summarises the series of IDW grids created to help improve the understanding 
of mineral  assemblages  in the gold -bearing  zone  and highlights  some  of the spatial  associations  that 
could be  identified.  
Table 2: Mineral Zonation summary using IDW grids:  
 
Mineral  Au-Zone Spatial Association  
Anorthite  Yes – Proximal especially in sedimentary units.  
Andesine  No 
Albite  No 
Microcline  Potentially part of the distal halo – distal in sedimentary units  
Ilmenite  Potentially yes - proximal – especially in sedimentary units  
Titanite  No clear spatial correlation with the gold zone – concentration seems to  
decrease with proximity to the gold especially in Low -Cr mafics  
Rutile  No proximal association with the gold in Low -Cr basalts, but seems to be  
proximal to the gold zone in sedimentary units  
Pyrrhotite  Yes - proximal - but not only (false positives)  
Pyrite  Yes - potentially forming a halo around the gold zone  
Arsenopyrite  Low concentrations right where the gold concentrations are but formes an 
enrichment  halo  a little  more  distally  to the gold  grades  especially  in sediments  
Magnetite - 
Hematite  Yes - proximal  
Epidote  Yes – proximal – especially in Low -Cr basalts  
Actinolite  Seems to be spatially associated with the gold – but does not seem to be part  
of the proximal mineralogical assemblage (see following sections) – Unclear.  
Biotite  No clear zonation pattern linked with the gold mineralisation  
Muscovite  Part of the proximal assemblage in sedimentary units. More distal in basalts.  
Clinochlore  Potential  weak spatial relationship with the gold zone especially in basalt  
Units. 
Hornblende  No clear zonation pattern linked with the gold mineralisation – potentially part  
of the more distal mineralogical assemblage especially in basalts . 
Apatite  potentially part of the distal halo  
Scheelite  Yes - proximal  
Dravite  Yes, enriched in the gold zone, but not only  
Calcite  Yes - proximal  
Quartz  Zonation patterns difficult to interpret although silicification does seem to be  
associated with the gold mineralisation.  
 
5.3.4 Combined visualisation of these classification  schemes  
 
To help with  visualisation of these ‘mineral classification schemes’, they were plotted in down drill  
hole as 2D stacked bar graphs for four drill  holes with gold bearing  intersections: ODDH0005 ( Figure 
86), ODDH0006 ( Figure 87 ), ODDH0021a ( Figure 88 ) and ODDH0027 ( Figure 89 ). 
481 
 
 
Figure 75: Normalised proportions of various mineral phases for the different mineral classes of interest down hole for ODDH0005  
482 
 
 
Figure 76: Normalised proportions of various mineral phases for the different mineral classes of interest for ODDH0006  
483 
 
 
Figure 77: Normalised proportions of various minera l phases for the different mineral classes of interest for ODDH0021A
484 
 
 
Figure 78: Normalised proportions of various mineral phases for the different mineral classes of interest for ODDH0027  
4855.3.5 Observed Alteration and Cross-cutting relationships – Interpretation on Distal 
and Proximal Mineral  Assemblages  
 
Albite and Muscovite/ Biotite Alteration  
There  seems  to be two different  episodes  of albitisation  at Orelia.  (1) An early  pervasive  albitisation, 
and (2) a more localised later one. Figure 90  illustrates both albitisation events observed in the 
various lithology types (sediments, Low -Cr basalt, and Ultramafic and High Cr - Basalts).  
In the first stage of albitisation, the primary more calcic plagioclase feldspar present in the rock 
(anorthite – andesine ) are altered to albite ( Figure 90 : ODDH0005 -99.8, ODDH0021a - 298). This is 
typical during diagenesis or while undergoing seafloor hydrothermal alteration where the rock reacts 
with hydrothermal fluids with high amo unts of dissolved silica and sodium. The original porphyritic 
textures in the plagioclase feldspars are relatively well - preserved  (Figure  90: ODDH0005 -99.8,  
ODDH0016 -838.8)  and the bulk  mineralogy  is not too dissimilar to t he expected protolith  mineralogy.  
This albitisation event mobilis es potassium (K) when the plagioclase feldspars change phase to the 
more sodic end -member, which enables the crystallisation (after albite ) of either muscovite or biotite 
depending on the protolith . In sediments, muscovite is predominant whereas biotite is dominant in 
ultramafic rocks , and both occur  in the Low -Cr basalts. Figure 91  illustrates the various textures and 
assemblages observed with this early and often pervasive muscovite – biotite alteration.  
The albite + muscovit e assemblage produced here can revert  to andesine + biotite in a later stage  of 
alteration which can be seen in  Figure  90, ODDH0005 -99.8 . This assemblage might  be indicative  of a 
temperature  increase  in the system (~410° -420 °C) and an X CO 2 in the fluid. A possible reaction for 
biotite after  muscovite:  
 
• Muscovite  + Clinochlore  + Calcite  + Quartz  ⇌ Phlogopite  (biotite  Mg end-member)  + 
Anorthite  (plagioclase Ca end -member) + CO 2 +H2O 
• 5KAl 3Si3O10(OH) 2 + 3Mg 5Al2Si3O10(OH) 8 + 8CaCO 3 +7SiO 2 ⇌ 5KMg 3Si3AlO 10(OH) 2 + 8CaAl 2Si2O8 
+8CO 2 + 12H 2O 
 
The second stage of albitisation is more localised (next to veins or along fractures ) but is even more 
pervasive , and in some areas the rock is nearly  pure albite. ( Figure 90 : ODDH0005 - 42.5,  ODDH0006 -
76.15).  Sometimes,  it can be difficult  to distinguish  between  the two. In  any case,  the albitisation  of 
the rocks  does  not seem  to be associated  with  the mineralising event(s ).  
486 
 
 
Figure 79:Albitisation  
487 
 
 
Figure 80: Early - pervasive muscovite -biotite alteration
488Chlorite and Epidote Alteration  
 
Chlorite and epidote (clinochlore and clinozoisite primarily ) are present in a large proportion of the 
samples in the  Orelia -Lotus transect . There are likely multiple stages  of alteration which will produce 
these two phases, making  it hard to identify specific events related to their crystallisation. But both 
chlor ite and epidote (especially chlorite) are consistently associated with the assemblages proximal 
to gold mineralisation. Figure 92 and Figure 93 illustrate observed assemblages containing both or 
one of these two phases.  
 
 
Chlorite  
The event that seems to be linked to gold mineralisation is indicative of a very late clinochlore 
overprint. A possible reaction for clinochlore overprinting albite assemblages would be:  
 
• Albite + Magnesium Hydroxide + H 2O = Clinochlore + Sodium Hydroxide + Deprotonated Silicic 
Acid + H+ 
• 2NaAlSi 3O8 + 5Mg(OH) 2 + 6H 2O ⇌ Mg 5Al2Si3O10(OH) 8 +2Na(OH) + 3H 3SiO 4 +3H+ 
 
Epidote group  
Minerals of the epidote group are typically the alteration product s of plagioclase feldspars ( Figure 
93). Alteration of plagioclase feldspars to epidote (± clinozoisite), reflect s a more oxidised 
environment with Ca being added to system. A typical alteration reaction would be:  
 
• Anorthite +  Calcite + H 2O ⇌ Clinozoisite +  CO 2 
• 3CaAl 2Si2O8 + CaCO 3 + H 2O ⇌ 2 Ca 2Al3Si3O12(OH) +  CO 2 
 
 
Epidote  and clinozoisite  are only  present  in basalt ic, intermediate  volcanic  and sediment ary units , and 
rarely occur in ultramafic mineral  assemblages.  
489 
 
 
Figure 81: Chlorite alteration  
490 
 
 
Figure 82: Epidote - clinozoisite alteration  
491Microcline Alteration  
Microcline is observed in two different assemblage s. In the first , microcline  (K-Feldspar)  is usually  in 
association  with  pyrrhotite  and clinochlore,  and in some cases with  pyrite  and calcite in ( Figure 94 ). 
The second assemblage, is a very late alteration stage with microcline occurs  in late cross cutting 
veins, often associate d with calcite ( Figure 95 : ODDH0005 -117.9, ODDH0014 -217/620. 2, 
ODDH0019a -160.9) or as a more pervasive replacement of muscovite or chlorite ( Figure 95 : 
ODDH0006 -222,  ODDH0014 -253.6).  
 
Calcite Alteration  
There is a lot of calcite in the system, both as disseminated grains and as veining. It is hard to 
determine whether there might be multiple stages of calcite overprinting, but one of them seems 
to be closely associated with the gold mineralising event.  
 
Silicification  
Some of the samples studied have clearly undergone an episode of severe silicification. This 
silicification can be observed in all main rock types (sediments, Low -Cr mafic and High  Cr mafic / 
ultramafic) where 50% or more of the rock is now composed of quartz. Figure 96  illustrate this  
silicification observed in the different rock types present within the study area. Other minerals 
present the quartz vary widely between the samples and rock type , and there does not seem to be 
any other commonalities between them apart from the amount of quartz.  
492 
 
Figure 83: ‘Early’ microcline alteration associ ated with sulfides, calcite and potentially chlorite and epidote phases  
493 
 
 
Figure 84: Late  microcline alteration  
 
 
494 
 
Figure 85: Silicification  
495Assemblages Associated with Gold Mineralisation  
Figure 97 illustrated the various assemblages that seem to be proximal to gold mineralisation at 
Orelia.  
Sample ODDH0027 -19.2 is the only sample from this study where gold was observed in  the sample 
(TIMA mount). In this sample, the gold grains are closely associated with sulfides (pyrite, pyrrhotite, 
bismut hinite, baksani te (Bi -Te sulfide), chalcopyrite). Other minerals present in the sample  include  
magnetite, epidote, clinochlore, calcit e, hornblende and actinolite_Mg, quartz as well as minor 
amounts of apatite  and siderite.  
Other  samples  presented  within  Figure  97 do not contain  gold  but were  collected  in regions with 
significant  gold grades.  
- In the sedime nts, the common mineral phases observed in samples proximal to gold are 
muscovite, clinochlore, clinozoisite, pyrrhotite and pyrite, arsenopyrite, anorthite, apatite, 
dravite and  microcline . 
- In the low -Cr basalts, the common mineral phases observed in thes e samples proximal to 
gold are pyrrhotite, calcite, anorthite, clinochlore, clinozoisite, hornblende, pyrite, and 
microcline . 
- In ultramafic samples, the common mineral phases observed in these samples proximal to 
gold are pyrrhotite, clinochlore, calcite, hornblende/actinolite Mg, microcline, pyrite, 
clinozoisite and  anorthite.  
496 
 
 
Figure 86: Assemblages proximal to the gold mineralisation  
497To help visualise mineral assemblages from  more distal setting s with assemblages proximal to gold 
mineralisation , all the samples containing TIMA mineral data and co -localised gold assays  were 
classified by gold  assay value  as follows : 
Au ppm < 0.01ppm → classified as background  
0.01 < Au ppm < 0.1 → classified as distal  
0.1 <Au ppm < 1 → classified as intermediate 
Au ppm > 1 ppm → classified as  proximal  
Using  this classification,  the two main  mineralised  lithologies  were  studied  in detail:  low-Cr basalts  
(Figures 98 , 99) and sediment ary rocks (Figures 100,101) .  
In the Low -Cr basalt, the assemblage s from distal to proximal to minerali sation undergo the following 
changes  (Figures 98,  99): 
• Increase in: calcite, quartz, sulfides (pyrrhotite, pyrite, chalcopyrite), clinozoisite and 
epidote, clinochlore, biotite (but not necessarily in the most proximal assemblage – more 
within the intermediate as a halo) , Na-rich feldspars (oligoclase/albite). The most proximal 
assemblage is usually composed of calcite + quartz + sulfides + clinochlore + 
clinozoisit e/epidote.  
• Decrease in: titan ite, hornblende and actinolite, microcline and anorthite. The most distal 
assemblage is often composed of anorthite  + hornblende  +/- clinozoisite +/ - clinochlore.  
498 
 
 
Figure 87: Box plot proximal to distal assemblage for Low -Cr basalts  
499 
 
 
Figure 88: TIMA panoramas for low -Cr basalt going from distal to proximal  
500In sedimentary package s, the assemblage from distal to proximal  to minerali sation undergo the 
following changes:  
• Increase in: rutile/ilmenite, muscovite, quartz, sulfides (pyrrhotite, pyrite, chalcopyrite and 
arsenopyrite), anorthite, calcite, clinozoisite, magnetite and dravite (tourmaline). The most 
proximal assembl age almost entirely consists of muscovite + quartz + anorthite + sulfides 
with other cited elements as minor  phases.  
• Decrease in: hornblende, titan ite, biotite, apatite, Na -felspars (albite, andesine and 
oligoclase) and K -feldspar (microcline). The most di stal assemblages consi st of: quartz + 
andesine + albite + muscovite +/ - microcline +/ - biotite +/ - calcite +/ - clinochlore.  
501 
 
 
Figure 89: Box plot proximal to distal assemblage for sediments  
502 
 
 
Figure 90: TIMA panoramas for sediments going from distal to proximal.  
5036 Summary Comments:  Constraints on fluid 
pathways chemical gradients and gold deposition  
 
6.1 Lithological controls:  
 
In the Orelia system, the gold grades appear located close to the contact between a package of 
ultramafic and high -Cr mafic volcanic rocks  and a package of low -Cr mafic volcanics and sediments.  
 
The role of the ultramafic rocks in partitioning fluid flow is illustrated by the feldspar distribution in 
ODDH0021a, the most southern drill hole in the Orelia - Lotus transect. The transition from  early albite 
alteration in the top of the hole to andesine -anorthite in the lower part of the hole occurs across an 
ultramafic/high -Cr mafic package. The later andesine -anorthite assemblage is related to Au 
minerali sation implying that the lower contact o f the ultramafic package was a significant flow path.  
 
Biotite across the boundary between ultramafic/mafic rocks and sediments in ODDH0005 is another 
hint that the lower contact of the ultramafic package was a significant flow path.  
 
The zone of muscovi te developed in sediments in the footwall of the Orelia lode may be another 
indicator of flow path ways  in the footwall rocks (low -Cr mafic volcanics and sediments).   
 
 
6.2 Chemical constraints on Ti -phase zoning  
 
In general,  the relative  abundances  of Ti-bearing  oxide  phases  in the Orelia -Lotus system do not show 
a simple spatial vector to gold  mineralisation reflecting local host -rock controls. Ilmenite is 
preferentially developed in the ultramafic rocks and rutile in the sediments. These  local controls may 
be understood in terms of the supply of iron to fluids from host lithologies that regulated H 2S activity 
which is one of the parameters controlling Ti -phase stability in quartz -calcite -pyrrhotite saturated 
systems.  
 
The overall distrib ution of ilmenite vs titanite (ilmenite in the core of the system with distal titanite) is 
taken to reflect higher CO 2 activity in the core of the Orelia system. The implication is that the titanite -
ilmenite transition forms a broad, steeply west -dipping h alo around the gold zones. Identifying this 
transition would help targeting high grade Au zones.  
 
The greater abundance of ilmenite and titanite versus rutile is indicative of a higher temperature 
system, with temperatures in the range ~450 -500 °C.  
 
 
 
 
5046.3 Gold grades and pH/redox constraints on gold deposition:  
 
Gold minerali sation occurs in all rock  types,  but the proximal mineralogy differs according to rock type.  
The common proximal  (defined as > 1ppm Au in the sample) phases to gold across all rock  types  are 
pyrrhotite , pyrite , microcline , clinochlore, clinozoisite  and anorthite. The distribution of magnetite 
(formally hematite -magnetite) partly overlaps with gold zones and it is interpreted as being part of the 
proximal gold mineralising assemblage .  
 
This diversity of mineralogy suggests a range of physico -chemical conditions existed at the time of gold 
deposition.  Anorthite and clinozoisite are indicative of low XCO 2 fluids at near neutral pH.  Pyrrhotite 
and magnetite together with microcline im ply alkaline conditions, possibly linked to a redox gradient. 
The distribution of magnetite, up to 100s metres from the Au zone may be mapping pH -redox 
gradients related to gold deposition. The late microcline -albite -clinochlore assemblage (well 
developed in ODDH0019A @ ~550 -615 m and ODDH0017 @ ~ 500 -700 m) may be also be related to 
pH-redox gradients at the time of Au deposition.  
505List of Figures  
 
Figure 1:  Regional 100K map with open pits visited during study highlighted (20 km grid). Jundee is also 
marked for reference  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ .............  2 
Figure 2:  First vertical derivative of the magnetics (RTP) in grey -scale with the available detailed Bouguer 
gravity for two areas (colour image). The open pits visited during study are highlighted (20 km grid)  ................  4 
Figure 3: Geology map of the southern part of the Yandal Belt (10 km grid)  ................................ ........................  5 
Figure 4: First vertical derivative of the magnetics for the southern part of the Yandal Belt. Dashed yellow lines 
highlight NW -trending cross structures (1 0 km grid)  ................................ ................................ .............................  6 
Figure 5: Gaussian regional/residual filter of ground -gravity data with a filter standard deviation of 0.12, 
vertical sun angle for the southern part of the Yandal Belt. Dashed yellow lines highlight NW -trending cross -
structures (10 km grid)  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ...........  7 
Figure  6: Detail of the regional fold hosting the world -class Bronzewing Deposit. (a) Geology map. Bronzewing 
is located in the core of a regional fold. (b) 1VD of the magnetics. Note paleochannels obscure the bedrock 
geology around the Bronzewing Deposit. (c) M agnetics with a 500 m upward continuation with a 1VD. (d) 
Magnetics with a 500 m upward continuation with a 2VD. Note this delineates the regional fold and also a 
possible NWW -trending cross structure that intersects the Bronzewing Deposit. The cross struc ture that 
Cockburn and Orelia are located on is clearly defined (10 km grid)  ................................ ................................ ...... 8 
Figure 7: Examples of different standard deviations for a Gaussian regional/residual filter of ground gravity 
data. From left to right. Regional Bouguer, standard deviation of 0.12, standard deviation of 0.18, standard 
deviation of 0.22 (no sun -angle) ................................ ................................ ................................ .............................  9 
Figure 8:  (a) Geology of the northern Yandal belt. (b) First vertical derivative of the magnetics for the northern 
Yandal Belt (same area as Figure 8a). Cross lineaments are marked with yellow dashed lines (10 km grid)  ...... 10 
Figure 9: Gaussian regional/residual filter of ground gravity data with a filter standard deviation of 0.22 for the 
northern Yandal Belt (same area as Figures 8a and 8b). Cross  structures marked by yellow dashed lines (10 km 
grid)  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ .......  11 
Figure 10: Location of Bill’s Find Pit (a) Geology (100K) and (b) 1VD of m agnetics (RTP) ................................ .... 12 
Figure 11: Western wall of Bill’s Find pit with series of parallel faults in red and folds in green  ........................  13 
Figure 12: Eastern wall of Bill’s Find Pit showing the NE - to ENE -trending faults and associated folds  ..............  13 
Figure 13: Location of Success, Challenger and Dragon Pits (a) Geology (100K) and (b) 1VD of magnetics (RTP)
 ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ..............  15 
Figure 14: Northern and southern wall of the Dragon South Pit  ................................ ................................ .........  16 
Figure 15: Dragon South Pit. Main rock types and mineralisation. (a) Shale unit in south pit wall. (b) Folded 
shale on east pit wall. (c) Hanging wall basalt unit. (d) Cumulate from central zone. (e) Footwall ultramafic 
schist. (f) Sulfide -rich mineralisation  ................................ ................................ ................................ ....................  16 
Figure 16: Challenger North and South Pits. (a) Challenger South Pit. (b) Challenger North pit. (c) Isoclinall y 
folded shale within the Challenger North Pit. (d) Late NE -trending faults with normal offset in section  ...........  18 
Figure 17: Structural relationships within the high -grade corridor of Challenger North. (a) Sheared and 
boudinaged veins within the high -grade zone. (b) Foliation boudinage within the high -grade zone  .................  19 
Figure 18: Success Pit with detail of folds on the southern pit wall  ................................ ................................ ..... 20 
Figure 19:  Lotus  and Orelia  pits.  (a) Geology  map  locating  the two pits.  (b) Pits located  on a magnetic  image  
(1VD).  (c) Pit  outlines  and Leapfrog  long  sections  highlighting  southern  plunge  to gold  mineralisation.  FIGURE  IS 
FROM  AN ECHO RESOURCES LTD ASX  RELEASE  ................................ ................................ ................................ .... 22 
Figure 20: Examples of Orelia mineralisa tion. Mineralisation is sulfide -rich with minor -to no -quartz veining. (a) 
Drill core intercept through Orelia (ODDH012). (b) Float from with a lode from the Orelia pit floor  .................  23 
Figure 21:  Orelia Pit. (a) North wall of the Orelia Pit (Cockburn Fault is marked). (b) Cockburn fault transected 
by low - angle foliation. (c) N -trending faults and low -angle vein. (d) Shale layering within the north wall of the 
pit ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ..........  24 
Figure 22: Low -angle crenulation cleavage in drill core (ODDH012, 222m)  ................................ ........................  25 
Figure 23: Vein arrays within the Lotus Pit. (a) Conjugate veins linked to NNW -SSW shortening. (b) Conjugate 
veins linked to NNW -SSE extension. (c) low -angle foliation and folding of steep quartz vein. (d) low -angle 
foliation and folding of low -angle vein. (e) Low angle vein arrays linked to NNW -SSE to NW -SE shortening. (f) 
Steep vein arrays linked to NNW -SSE to NW -SE extension  ................................ ................................ ..................  26 
506Figure 24: Example of steep and low angle vein sets in the Lotus Pit. The low -angle veins are highlighted by 
white lines ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ .............................  27 
Figure 25: Examples of the structural style and associated grade from the Bronzewing Deposit (drill hole 
GCMBWRCD1454, metre intervals labelled on drill hole)  ................................ ................................ ....................  28 
Figure 26: Bronzewing transect dataset - pXRF ternary diagrams (Zr*50, Cr*10, Ti) identifying fractionated 
mafic unit lithologies of varying Cr concentratio n; (a) without density heat map, (b) with density heat map 
overlain  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ . 33 
Figure 27: W -E transect through the Bronzewing system showing sampled drill holes, overlain with the 
lithological classification obtained using results of pXRF analyses.  ................................ ................................ ..... 34 
Figure 28: Plan -view o f the W -E transect (Figure 27) through the Bronzewing system showing sampled drill 
holes, overlain with the lithological classification obtained using results of pXRF analyses, with overlain 
geology map from Elmer et al 2007.  ................................ ................................ ................................ ....................  34 
Figure 29:Outlining potential correlation between Elmer et al. 2007 geology map and pXRF dataset  ...............  35 
Figure 30: W -E transect through the Bronzewing system showing sampled drill holes, overlain with the 
lithological classification obtained using results of pXRF analyses with the region s of gold grades >0.5 g/t 
shown in red.  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ........................  35 
Figure 31: Detail of geology defined from pXRF data around the Bronzewing Deposit (pit out lines shown) 
overlain on the regional geology. Red circle highlights ultramafic zone on eastern side of pit, these may have 
localised shearing linked to the formation of the deposit. 1 km grid  ................................ ................................ .. 36 
Figure 32: Lotus -Orelia transect pXRF data Zr*50, Cr*10, Ti ternary diagrams used to classify the various 
lithologies observed within the dataset. (b) Added density cluster around the data.  ................................ ........  37 
Figure 33: Ternary diagram plotting Th*3000, Cr*10 and Ti values of lab assays of samples from the Orelia 
area  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ .......  38 
Figure 34: Zr*50, Al/10 and Ti ternary diagram of pXRF data from the Lotus -Orelia traverse used to separate 
volcanic/igneous lithologies from sedimentary lithologies. (b) Added density cluster around the data.  ...........  39 
Figure 35:  Sections through the Orelia -Lotus study area showing the drill holes sampled with the lithological 
classification obtained with pXRF analyses. In the long section is also shown the interpolated model of gold 
grades within the system.  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ .... 40 
Figure 36: Screen shots from the leapfrog model of the Orelia area. a) Results of a draft interpretation of the 
major lithological contacts using the results of the lithological interpretation done with the pXRF dataset. 
Note: This is not an accurate model, just an aid for the visualisation of the major lithological units.  ................  40 
Figure 37: Median compositions of Zr, Cr and TiO2 from the Fe -and Mg -rich basalt units (Eilu et al. 2001) were 
plotted to compare against the pXRF dataset  ................................ ................................ ................................ ...... 40 
Figure 38: Comparison of pXRF dataset and median basalt dataset from Eilu et al. (2001)  ................................  41 
Figure 39: Historical geochemical data provided by Echo Resources plotted in ioGAS with attributes from pXRF 
data applied  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ..........................  42 
Figure 40: Historical geochemical dataset imported into Leapfrog  ................................ ................................ ..... 42 
Figure 41: Geology of the northern Yandal Belt with overalain with the lithogeochemical units defined from 
the historical pXRF data (10 km grid)  ................................ ................................ ................................ ...................  43 
Figure 42: Feldspar Ternary Diagram for classification of samples in the Bronzewing transect  .........................  45 
Figure 43: 3D visualisation of plagioclase feldspar classifications from Figure 42 overlain with Au assays (1 -50 
g/t scale)  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ...............................  45 
Figure 44: Ternary diagram of titanium -bearing phases in the Bronzewing transect ................................ ..........  46 
Figure 45: Titanium -bearing phases visualised in -section view of the Bronzewing transect with Au assays 
overlain.  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................  46 
Figure 46: IDW grid of TIMA data for pyrrhotite from 0 -0.5 wt.%  ................................ ................................ .......  49 
Figure 47: IDW grid of TIMA data for pyrite from 0 -0.5 wt.%  ................................ ................................ ..............  49 
Figure 48: IDW grid of TIMA data for Hematite_Magnetite from 0 -1 wt.%  ................................ .........................  50 
Figure 49: IDW grid of TIMA data for anhydrite from 0 —0.01 wt.%  ................................ ................................ ... 50 
Figure 50: IDW grid of TIMA data for andesine from 0 -20 wt.%  ................................ ................................ ..........  51 
Figure 51: IDW grid of TIMA data for anorthite from 0 -5 wt.%  ................................ ................................ ...........  51 
Figure 52: IDW grid of TIMA data for albite from 0 –30 wt.%  ................................ ................................ ...............  52 
Figure 53: IDW grid of TIMA data for microcline from 0 -3 wt.%  ................................ ................................ ..........  52 
Figure 54: IDW grid of TIMA data for calcite from 0 -20 wt.%  ................................ ................................ ..............  53 
507Figure 55: IDW grid of TIMA data for clinozoisite from 0 -5 wt.%  ................................ ................................ ........  53 
Figure 56: IDW grid of TIMA data for apatite from 0 -0.7 wt.%  ................................ ................................ ............  54 
Figure 57: IDW grid of TIMA data for rutile from 0 -0.2 wt.%  ................................ ................................ ...............  54 
Figure 58: IDW grid of TIMA data for ilmenite from 0 -0.8 wt.%  ................................ ................................ ..........  55 
Figure 59: IDW grid of TIMA data for titanite from 0 -1 wt.%  ................................ ................................ ...............  55 
Figure 60: IDW grid of TIMA data for scheelite from 0 -0.0005 wt.%  ................................ ................................ ... 56 
Figure 61: IDW grid of TIMA data for muscovite from 0 -9 wt.%  ................................ ................................ ..........  56 
Figure 62: IDW grid of TIMA data for muscovite -phengite from 0 -0.5 wt.%  ................................ .......................  57 
Figure 63: IDW grid of TIMA data for biotite from 0 -15 wt.%  ................................ ................................ ..............  57 
Figure 64: IDW grid of TIMA data for quartz from 0 -35 wt.%  ................................ ................................ ..............  58 
Figure 65: Feldspar distribution in drill hole BWRCD893  ................................ ................................ .....................  59 
Figure 66: Hydrous -silicate distribution in drill hole BWRCD893  ................................ ................................ .........  60 
Figure 67: Classification scheme for Pla gioclase Feldspar minerals and their distribution across the 8 drill holes 
of the Orelia -Lotus transect. a) Ternary diagram used to classify the samples based on their most abundant 
plagioclase feldspar phase (anorthite, andesine and albite), b) and c) are  long sections showing the plagioclase 
feldspar classification applied to 8 sampled drill holes (gold concentration interpolation for context). View to 
the NE (north to left)  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ............  63 
Figure 68: Mineral abundance maps (IDW grid) for plagioclases as well as microcline (K -feldspar). The black 
ellipses highlight where the elevated gold grades are present within the system. View looking west (no rth to 
right)  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ..... 65 
Figure 69: Classification scheme based on Ti -oxide phases and their distribution across the transect. a) Ternary 
diagram used to classify the samples in function of their most abundant  Ti-oxide phase (ilmenite, rutile and 
titanite), b) and c) are long sections showing the Ti -bearing  oxide  classification applied to the 8 sampled drill 
holes  (gold  concentration  interpolation for context). View to the NE (north to left)  ................................ ..........  66 
Figure 70: Mineral abundance maps (IDW grids) for Ti -bearing oxides. The black ellipses highlight regions of 
elevated gold grades within the system.  View looking west (north to right)  ................................ ......................  69 
Figure 71:  Classification  scheme  for sulfides  and magnetite -hematite and their distribution ac ross the transect.  
a) Ternary  diagram  used  to classify  the samples  based on  their  most  abundant  sulfide  phase/magnetite  
(pyrrhotite,  pyrite,  hematite -magnetite),  b) and c) are long  sections showing sulfides/magnetite classification 
applied to the 8 sampled  drill holes  (gold concentration interpolation for  context). View to the NE (north to 
left) ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ .......  70 
Figure 72:  Mineral  abundance  maps  for sulfides/magnetite  (pyrrhotite,  pyrite,  arsenopyrite  and magnetite).  The 
black  ellipses  highlight  regions of elevated  gold  grades  within the system. View looking west (north to right)  ... 72 
Figure 73:  Mineral  abundance  maps (IDW grids)  for epidote,  actinolite,  biotite,  muscovite,  clinochlore  and 
hornblende.  Black  ellipses  highlight  elevated  gold  grades . View looking west (north to right)  ...........................  74 
Figure 74: Mineral abundance maps (IDW grids) for apatite, scheelite, dravite, calcite and q uartz. Black ellipses 
highlight elevated gold grades. View looking west (north to right)  ................................ ................................ ..... 77 
Figure 75: Normalised proportions of var ious mineral phases for the different mineral classes of interest down 
hole for ODDH0005  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ..............  80 
Figure 76: Normalised proportions of var ious mineral phases for the different mineral classes of interest for 
ODDH0006  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ............................  81 
Figure 77:  Normalised proportions of various mineral phases for the different mineral classes of interest for 
ODDH0021A  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ..........................  82 
Figure 78: Normalise d proportions of various mineral phases for the different mineral classes of interest for 
ODDH0027  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ............................  83 
Figure 79:Albitisation  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ............  85 
Figure 80: Early - pervasive muscovite -biotite alteration  ................................ ................................ ....................  86 
Figure 81: Chlorite alteration  ................................ ................................ ................................ ...............................  88 
Figure 82:  Epidote - clinozoisite alteration  ................................ ................................ ................................ ...........  89 
Figure 83: ‘ Early’ microcline alteration associated with sulfides, calcite and potentially chlorite and epidote 
phases  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ... 91 
Figure 84: Late microc line alteration  ................................ ................................ ................................ ....................  92 
Figure 85: Silicification  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ..........  93 
Figure 86: Assemblages proximal to the gold mineralisation  ................................ ................................ ..............  95 
508Figure 87: Box plot proximal to distal assemblage for Low -Cr basalts  ................................ ................................ . 97 
Figure 88: TIMA panoramas for low -Cr basalt going from distal to proximal  ................................ ......................  98 
Figure 89: Box plot proximal to distal assem blage for sediments ................................ ................................ ...... 100 
Figure 90:  TIMA panoramas for sediments going from distal to proximal.  ................................ .......................  101 
509References  
 
Eilu, P., E. J. Mikucki and A. L. Dugdale (2001). "Alteration zoning and primary geochemical dispersion  
at the Bronzewing  lode -gold  deposit,  Western  Australia."  Mineralium  Deposita  36(1):  13- 31. 
Elmer,  F. L., R. Powell,  R. W. White  and G. N. Phillips  (2007).  "Timing  of Gold  Mineralization  Relative 
to the Peak of Metamorphism at Bronzewing, Western Australia." Economic Geology 102(3): 379 - 
392.  
Walshe, J. L., J. Cloutier, A. B. Bath and R. M. Hough (2014). Chemical gradients and pathways to 
mineralisation Argo -Apollo -Hamlet -York corridor, St Ives Gold Field, Yilgarn Craton, Western 
Australia High grade Au deposits:processes to prediction J. L. Walshe, J. Cloutier, A. B. Bath and R.  
M. Hough. Perth, Geological Survey Western Australia. Report 145: 7 -28. 
 
 
 
 
510 
 
Mapping the Chemical Architecture and 
Structural Setting of the Wiluna Gold 
Camp  
 
 
 
Adam B. Bath, John Miller, John L. Walshe, Renee Birchall, Margaux Le Vaillant, Tina Shelton and 
Michael Verrall  
 
 
  
Australia’s National  
Science Agency  
511Mineral Resources  
Citation  
Bath A.B. , Miller J.M.,  Walshe J.L. , Birchall R. , Le Va illant, M.,  Shelton T.D.  and Verrall  M. (2019 ). 
Mapping the Chemical Architecture and Structural Setting of the Wiluna Gold Camp , MRIWA 494 
Final Report.  
Copyright  
© Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation 20 19. To the extent permitted 
by law, all rights are reserved and no part of this publication covered by copyright may be 
reproduced or copied in any form or by any means except with the written permission of CSIRO.  
Important disclaimer  
CSIRO advises that the information contained in this publication comprises general statements 
based on scientific research. The reader is advised and needs to be aware that such information 
may be incomplete or unable to be used in any  specific situation. No reliance or actions must 
therefore be made on that information without seeking prior expert professional, scientific and 
technical advice. To the extent permitted by law, CSIRO (including its employees and consultants) 
excludes all liability to any person for any consequences, including but not limited to all losses, 
damages, costs, expenses and any other compensation, arising directly or indirectly from using this 
publication (in part or in whole) and any information or material con tained in it.  
CSIRO i s committed to providing web accessible content wherever possible. If you are having 
difficulties with accessing this document please contact  csiroenquiries@csir o.au . 
512Mapping the Chemical Architecture and Structural Setting of 
the Wiluna Gold Camp  
Adam Bath, John Miller, John Walshe, Renee Birchall, Margaux Le Vaillant, Tina 
Shelton and Michael Verrall  
Contents 
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY  ..................................................................................................................................... 2 
INTRODUCTION  ............................................................................................................................................... 7 
GEOLOGY  ......................................................................................................................................................... 8 
LITHOGEOCHEMISTRY  .................................................................................................................................... 10 
TESTING THE LITHOGEOCHEMICAL CLASSIFICATION SCHEME  ........................................................................ 12 
STRUCTURAL ANALYSIS  ................................................................................................................................. 14 
OVERVIEW  ........................................................................................................................................................... 14 
SCOPE OF STRUCTURAL A SSESSMENT  ......................................................................................................................... 14 
ASSESSMENT OF DISTRIB UTION OF STRATIGRAPH IC UNITS DERIVED FRO M PXRF  DATA  .......................................................... 15 
MAJOR FAULT ZONES ............................................................................................................................................. 20 
NW-TRENDING GOLD ZONES ASSOCIATED WITH INTERMEDIATE TO FELSIC U NITS ................................................................ 24 
VEINING LINKED TO GOLD MINERALISATION OUT SIDE THE MAJOR FAULT ZONES  .................................................................. 28 
OVER PRINTING REL ATIONSHIPS AND KINEM ATICS  ......................................................................................................... 32 
STRUCTURAL MODEL AND IMPLICATIONS FOR ORE  SHOOT DEVELOPMENT  .......................................................................... 35 
METHODS AND MINERAL DATA USED  ........................................................................................................... 40 
TIMA -SEM  MINERAL MAPPING TECH NIQUE AND SA MPLE PREPARATION  .......................................................................... 40 
X-RAY DIFFRACTION (XRD)  ..................................................................................................................................... 42 
TIMA  AND XRD  RESULTS  ........................................................................................................................................ 42 
ALTERATION PARAGENESIS  ...................................................................................................................................... 44 
ALTERATION DOMAINS A ND SPATIAL RELATION SHIPS  .................................................................................. 53 
TI-PHASES  ............................................................................................................................................................ 54 
CARBONATES AND EPIDOTE -GROUP ZONES  ................................................................................................................. 59 
FE-BEARING SULPHIDES , ARSENIDES AND OXIDE ZONES  .................................................................................................. 61 
DISCUSSION AND CONCL USION S ................................................................................................................... 64 
MINERAL ZONING  .................................................................................................................................................. 64 
LOW TEMPERATURE MINER AL ASSEMBLAGES FROM THE WILUNA CAMP ........................................................................... 71 
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS  .................................................................................................................................. 71 
REFERENCES  ................................................................................................................................................... 72 
LIST OF FIGURES  ............................................................................................................................................. 75 
513 
Executive Summary  
 
The Wiluna Gold Camp occurs within the world- class Wiluna -Norseman Greenstone 
Belt of the Kalgoorlie Terrane, and aims of this study are to:1) define rock types within the 
Wiluna Camp based on pXRF data gathered during this study; 2) generate a revised structural 
model through logging recent drilling and 3) investigate alteration through core logging and 
detailed SEM work using the Tescan Integrated Mineral Analyzer (TIMA) in the context of 
the revised geological framework. Alteration has been investigated in light of paragenesis, spatial relationships and application of mineral data -sets in exploration. Diamond core and 
RC chips were the material available during the course of the study. 
 Using pXRF data, generated from readings on over 2000 samples, we produced a 
Zr*50 – Cr*10 – Ti ternary diagram to distinguished mafic and ultramafic rocks from felsic 
to intermediate rocks. In addition to felsic, intermediate, and komatiites, we identified High -
Cr, Intermediate -Cr, Low-Cr and Low-Zr mafic rocks. These have compositions that appear 
equivalent to High- Th (equivalent to Paringa Basalt at St Ives) and Intermediate -Th 
(equivalent to Devon Consols Basalt at St Ives) mafic rocks f rom Barnes et al. (2012). Low-
Zr mafic rocks appear equivalent to Low -Th mafic rocks (equivalent to Lunnon Basalt at St 
Ives). These data are used to define a geological map around the West and East Lode areas.  
 An inferred structural evolution of the Wiluna system has been produced from the assessment of the key relationships in the drill core, gold grade distributions and stratigraphy 
in the Leapfrog model. The initial stage of deformation was linked to the formation of the 
early ductile fabrics, and development of the main shear zones (the Graphite Shear Zone and 
the Eastern Lineament Fault) with the East and West lode faults also inferred to have formed 
at this stage. Reverse movement is the inferred movement direction on these structures with 
some inter preted slip along the NW-trending stratigraphic contacts between the felsic and 
intermediate units and the mafic and ultramafic units. At some stage low angle veins formed that are consistent with compression and fluid overpressure and possible minor gold.  
In contrast to the earlier deformation, the high grade gold was related to a strike- slip 
system. The overall strain linked to mineralisation was NW -SE stretching and NE -SW 
shortening. This dextral strike-slip system had a component of transtension linked to normal movement on some NE-trending zones causing the localised formation of extensional 
conjugate veins. A set of newly formed NE-trending faults with dextral offsets of the 
514stratigraphy are interpreted to have formed as linking faults between the maj or N-S trending 
faults. Gold mineralisation was dominantly focussed on the second order N- trending faults 
(West and East Lodes), on the NE- trending dextral faults and at major fault intersections. 
There are strike changes on some N -trending faults that app ear to have produced dilatant 
zones (e.g. East Lode).  
Thin veins have developed as arrays around the major shears, and these veins are 
dominantly NE- and N- trending. The initial set of veins are quartz -carbonate veins with a 
later set of stibnite veins. B oth sets of veins have similar geometries and are interpreted to 
have formed in the same stress field representing a mineralogical evolution from quartz-
carbonate to stibnite dominant assemblages. The vein arrays and extensive breccias (some 
with colloform textures) are consistent with shallow crustal level brittle deformation.  
Localised NW -trending shears formed on the edges of the NW- trending felsic to 
intermediate intrusive units and potentially also along within unit variations. These shears are 
linked to the formation of discrete NW-trending high grade veins. The “tip” regions where 
these felsic intrusions lens out may also have been linked to greater dilation and additional 
gold mineralisation.  
As argued by previous workers (e.g. Hagemann et al., 1992), the field relationships 
provide clear evidence that the Wiluna gold deposit formed in a dextral strike- slip system. 
However, one anomalous aspect is that the ore shoots in long section plunge moderately to shallowly to the south. In a strike- slip system ore shoots are normally vertical in orientation. 
We infer that the oblique SW-dipping NW-trending stratigraphy is a major control on these S-plunging ore shoots.  
A paragenetic framework for alteration of the Wiluna camp was developed from core 
logging and detailed SEM-EDS TIMA scans on diamond core and RC chips. Pre -mineral 
alteration includes  Stage 1A (calcic) : Calcic-amphibole – quartz – albite – K-feldspar - 
calcite – apatite – titanite.  Stage 1B (calcic- sodic): albite-calcite-chlorite +/ - calcic 
amphibole +/ - epidote/clinozoisite –titanite-rutile. Syn-mineral stages include:  Stage 2A 
(potassic; acidic alteration)  muscovite  - quartz – pyrite – arsenopyrite – rutile – calcite  +/ - 
chlorite +/ - dolomite +/- albite. Stage 2B (sodic; neutral- alkaline alter ation): chlorite – 
pyrite – arsenopyrite – albite - rutile or quartz – albite – dolomite – calcite - anhydrite – pyrite 
– rutile. Stage 2C  Quartz-albite-stibnite-calcite (Fig. 31B; WURD0037-137.4). Much of the 
gold mineralization is considered to be related to Stage 2B alteration.  
515Mineral zoning patterns have been mapped and Ti-phases, carbonates, epidote-group 
minerals, sulphides, arsenides and micas form part of key mineral zonation patterns, and are 
linked to key stages of alteration. These minerals are used to determine prospective areas 
based on combining zonation patterns for each of the minerals. Muscovite, in the presence of 
quartz is a proxy for acidic conditions (i.e. Stage 2A alteration); whereas albite-rich, 
carbonate-rich and muscovite-poor assemblages may be considered proxies for neutral and 
alkaline conditions (i.e. Stage 2B alteration). We generated discrimination diagrams that aims 
to 1) assess fCO2 gradients using mineralogy and 2) pH gradients to map key areas within the 
Wiluna Camp.  
 For discriminant analysis, mineral data are levelled to rock types, defined by pXRF 
data, we statistically assessed the relationship between mineral indicators from the key stages 
of alteration and calculated latent variables. Discriminant projection 1 (DP1) shows strong 
negative structure coefficient with levelled titanite and epidote -group (pre -gold Stage 1) 
values, and moderate (0.3 to 0.5) positive structure coefficient values for (syn- gold Stage 2) 
muscovite, rutile, carbonate and quartz. A DP2 variable differentiates muscovite -rich acidic 
assemblages (Stage 2A) from neural -alkaline assemblages of Stage 2B.  
Cross-section 10425 demonstrates that CO2- rich alkaline Stage 2B alteration 
assemblages (red and magenta) or pH neutral -alkaline conditions are dominat e around areas 
where there is mineralization, whereas acidic or other Stage 2 assemblages are persevered in 
rock peripheral to the main mineralized domains. In contrast Stage 1 alteration assemblages 
are identified away from the main mineralized domains ( Fig. ES1). Camp-scale maps were 
generated using the available data and show that the predicted key mineral assemblages correlate well with known mineralized zones. The area to the east off the ‘Gap’ mineral zone 
also contains important Stage 2B altered zones, which highlight the significance of mineral 
mapping toward under explored regions.  
516 
 
 
 
517 
 
Fig. ES1 . A. Discrimination projection analysis used to distinguish the key alteration domains based on the 
mineralogy. These groups largely reflect both changes  in fluid chemistry as well the alteration paragenesis. 
Stage 1 alteration is considered CO2 -poor, and hence titanite and epidote bearing. Stage 2A is acidic and quartz, 
rutile and muscovite bearing. Stage 2B alteration, the key alteration associated with mineralization, is carbonate -
bearing, rutile -bearing, muscovite -poor and relatively enriched in albite. B. These zones are shown on an E -W 
cross-section 10425 through the West Lode shown in Fig. 7. C-D Maps showing the distribution of the key 
alteration do mains defined in A.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
518Introduction  
 
The Yilgarn craton, one of the world’s most well-endowed cratons, has a resource of 
>250 Moz of Au (Goldfarb et al., 2005) with approximately half of this resource occurring in 
the Kalgoorlie Terrane (Fig. 1A). Despite their significance, these systems are considered 
relatively difficult to explore for due to the fact that alteration halos are considered cryptic and less well -developed compared with many other hydrothermal mineral deposits ( Goldfarb 
et al., 2005). These cryptic alteration halos are used to argue that most aqueous species are rock-buffered in low salinity H
2O−CO 2−H2S (±CH4 and N 2) fluids that have X CO2 of between 
0.1 and 0.3 (Clark et al., 1989; Mikucki and Ridley, 1993; Witt et al., 1997; Goldfarb et al., 2005). Other authors have argued for fluid-buffered reactions based on alteration asse mblages 
and isotopic values appear to coincide with gold mineralization ( Cameron and Hattori 1987; 
Neumayr et al., 2008; Kendrick et al., 2011; Roache et al., 2011; Bath et al., 2013; Walshe et 
al., 2014). However , there appears to be a consensus that fluids are CO
2-rich, and that some 
reactions are inherently fluid-buffered (e.g., neutral pH buffered by CO 2 in fluids; Phillips 
and Evans, 2004). However, there are few studies which have investigated the mineral zoning 
of Archean gold systems related to high ƒCO 2 at low temperature, much of which has in 
recent times been well -documented for higher temperature systems (e.g., Walshe et al., 2014 
and 2017). 
As shown by Hunt and Kerrick (1977 ), and later by Harlov et al. (2006) , the fugacity 
of CO2 can also play a critical role in stabilizing rutile, calcite and quartz over titanite under 
high ƒCO 2 conditions based on the reaction: 
 
quartz + rutile  + calcite = titanite + CO2                                   (1)  
 
Moreover, thermodynamic modelling by Walshe et al., (2014)  predicts that under quartz-
calcite saturation (and with log aH 2S of -0.7), ilmenite will form over titanite under high 
ƒCO2 (CO2 predominance field), py rrhotite-stable conditions and at temperatures around 400 
to 450°C. However very little work has been carried out on lower temperature (<350°C) 
Archean gold systems, and to detect the styles of alteration associated with high ƒCO 2 
 
519Here we test the hypothe sis that Ti- mineral phases, carbonates, sulfides and silicates at the 
Wiluna gold camp can be used to map alteration footprints around gold deposits as well 
provide chemical constraints on the fluid composition at the time of gold mineralization. 
Furthermo re, we determine the temporal relationships of Ti-phases with respect to other 
major alteration minerals such as albite, anorthite, biotite, muscovite and microcline, to work towards generating a paragenetic framework and a map that captures temporal and s patial 
relationships of key alteration assemblages from the deposit- to the camp -scale in the context 
of the structural setting.  
For the current study, the Tescan Integrated Mineral Analyser (TIMA) was used to 
conduct accurate mineral mapping at the Wiluna camp. The current study aims to: 1) develop 
an integrated model of mineral systems relating to role of volatiles and learning to navigate 
the distal footprint to productive parts of systems in brown-fields and green- fields exploration 
environments and 2) utilize mineral system models for targeting in collaboration with industry partners in brown-fields environments. Alteration has been investigated in light of 
five key elements, which includes: (1) temporal relationships (i.e. paragenesis), (2) anomalies 
in database levelled against basic rock types, (3) alteration domains (i.e. spatial relationships) 
and (5) use of data for exploration. 
The alteration mapping is conducted in the context of a structural constraints that 
were generated from detailed structural measurements with reference to pXRF constrained 
lithology and mineralization. A broader lithologeochemical model is developed for the 
Wiluna Camp in tandem with a revised structural model that is largely based on 
measurements obtained with and around the West and East lodes at Wiluna.  
 
Geology  
  
The Wiluna Gold Camp is located at the northern end of the Norseman- Wiluna belt 
within the Archean Yilgarn Craton, Western Australia. The camp consists of 13 deposits, hosted in a series of steeply SW-dipping, prehnite-pumpellyite facies metamorphosed 
granitoid, mafic and ultramafic rocks (Hagemann and Luders, 2003; Fig. 1). Mineralization 
occurs along the Wiluna strike–slip fault system. The fault system consists of main N -
trending E-dipping faults and NE-trending and SE- and NE-dipping sets of principal 
displacement faults and associated subsidiary structures (Hagemann et al. 1992; also see 
520below). Fault movement was dextral, with displacement thought to be up to 1,350m, with 
minor oblique-reverse or oblique-normal motion (Hagemann and Luders, 2003). Lode widths 
are up to 100 meters and strike lengths are up to 700 meters. Divergent bends, dilational jogs 
along principal faults and subsidiary structures host much of the mineralization.  
 Fault zones contain hydrot hermal breccias, cataclastic zones, planar fabrics, shear 
veins and ladder veins reflect brittle failure at the time of alteration. Open -spaces fillings, 
such as cockade, crustiform and colloform textures indicate low pressures and temperatures 
at the time  of mineralization (Hagemann and Luders, 2003). Trapping temperatures of fluid 
inclusions suggest temperatures of 290 ± 25 °C at the time of mineralization. Hagemann and Luders (2003) also indicated low temperatures of ~240 °C at the time of gold- stibnite 
mineralization.
 
 Gold mineralization is thought to have formed in two main events (Hagemann and 
Luders, 2003). Event 1 includes gold- pyrite-arsenopyrite mineralization as mostly finely 
disseminated around quartz veins. In proximal alteration zones, quartz dolomite/ankerite pyrite ± chlorite ± sericite ± fuchsite ± arsenopyrite borders high -grade (>3 g/t Au) ore zones, 
and albite-quartz-dolomite- arsenopyrite ± pyrite define the high -grade ore zones. Mafic 
rocks contain leucoxene and pervasive, chloritization and carbonization (calcite ± ankerite) 
distal alteration. Gold is largely refractory with minor free gold occurring as small inclusions 
in pyrite, arsenospyrite and quartz  
 
521 
Figure 1: Geological map of the Wiluna Camp showing o pen pit boundaries (Hagemann and Luder, 
2003), and hen the location of main mineralized zones (map ‘A’ after Hagemann and Luders, 2003  and 
map ‘B’  provided by Blackham Resources ). Coloured dot represent results of lithogeochemistry 
classification on sample s from pXRF analysis as shown in Fig. 2.  
 
 
veins. Event 2 is gold-stibnite mineralization, located in massive and banded colloform quartz 
veins. Gold- stibnite mineralization occurs with arsenopyrite, pyrite, stephanite and argentite. 
Native gold occurs as inclusions in stibnite. Event 2 mineralization was identified at 
Moonlight, northern part of the West Lode and southern part of the Happy Jack deposits (Fig. 
1; Hagemann and Luders, 2003). 
Lithogeochemistry  
 
 We produced a systematic pXRF database from available 1 meter RC chip composites 
and selected spots on diamond drill holes in order to map the lithogeochemistry, refine the 
geological map and to understand mineral zonation patterns in the context of the geology. Ti, 
Cr and Zr are considered reliable fr om the pXRF (e.g., Walshe et al., 2014) and form the 
522basis for dividing primary rock types. Thorium, which is used to distinguish mafic rock types 
from the Eastern Goldfields Superterrane (e.g., Said et al., 2009; Barnes et al, 2012), is not 
reliable from the pXRF for rocks with less than 5 ppm. Basalts from the Eastern Goldfields 
Superterrane mostly have less than 5 ppm Th (Said et al., 2009; Barnes et al., 2012), and therefore Th from the pXRF was not used here to distinguish these rock types. Barnes et al. 
(2012) showed 3 main types of basalts, which included: 1) Low-Th Tholeiite (Lunnon 
equivalent from the Kambalda Sequence); 2) Intermediate-Th Tholeiite (Devon Consols 
Basalt equivalent from the Kambalda Sequence) and 3) High -Th and High- Si Basalt (Parin ga 
Basalt equivalent from the Kambalda Sequence). The basalt sequence, from oldest to youngest, are reflected from 1 to 3; although younger cross- cutting dolerite intrusions with 
compositions consistent with Low -Th Tholeiite and
 High-Th and High- Si Basalt are known 
to occur, reflecting switches from Th -poor to Th-rich and back to Th-poor sources through 
time (e.g., Walshe et al., 2014; St Ives camp). Barnes et al., (2012) concluded that Low- Th 
Tholeiite are a close match with flood basalts, whereas the High -Th High-Si magmas are 
inferred to have been derived by crustal contamination during fractionation of komatiite magmas in the deep crust. Intermediate -Th Theoliite have characteristics of both.  
 Although Th is a key element to classify mafic rock types within the Eastern 
Goldfields Superterrane, Zr from the pXRF, can in part be used as a proxy for Th. 
Zirconium:Th ratios can be used effectively to distinguish Low-Th Theoliite from High- Th 
and High-Si Basalts. However, as shown by Barnes et al. (2012), Zr:Ti ratios for Intermediate -Th Basalts can overlap with both 1 and 3. Bearing this in mind, we employed a 
Zr*50 – Cr*10 – Ti ternary plot, similar to that of Walshe et al., (2014), to divide ultramafic, mafic, intermediate and felsic rock types. The Zr*50 – Cr*10 – Ti ternary diagram has been 
used to help distinguish the three main mafic volcanic rocks within the Kalgoorlie Terrane by Walshe et al. (2014). The Zr*50 – Cr*10 – Ti ternary diagram be viewed in light of two 
major variables – fractionation and crus tal contamination. For mafic rocks, increased Ti:Cr 
ratios reflect increased fractionation, whereas trends controlled by Ti:Zr ratios broadly 
reflects degrees of crustal contamination ( Fig. 2).  
 Using the Zr*50 – Cr*10 – Ti ternary diagram and the classification scheme of Walshe et al (2014) we distinguished mafic and ultramafic rocks from felsic to intermediate 
rocks based on those having a normalised Zr*50 value of below or above 45 ( Fig. 2). 
Komatiites were divided from mafic rocks based on having normalized Cr*10 values greater than 80. Low-Zr mafics, the equivalent of Low- Th Theoliites (or Lunnon Basalt), are 
discriminated based on a lower prescribed area of the ternary diagram, slightly modified from 
523that of Walshe et al. (2014). Spatially, Low- Zr Basalts occur in th e area around Bulletin ( see 
below), and hence reflect a spatially mappable unit, not previously identified. Other mafic 
units were divided based on Cr-values. We identified High- Cr, Intermediate -Cr and Low- Cr 
mafic rocks. These have composi tions that appear equivalent to either High-Th or 
Intermediate-Th mafic rocks from Barnes et al. (2012).  
 
 
Figure 2: Zr-Cr-Ti ternary plot showing results from pXRF analysis on rocks from the Wiluna Camp .  
 
Testing the lithogeochemical classification scheme  
 
 A number of selected diamond drill holes were logged from around the West and East 
lodes and tested against a lithogeochemical classification scheme. The diamond tail of drill 
hole WURD0038 intersects the northern area of the East Lode. Diamond core was sampled 
between 160 meters and EOH (330.4m). A downhole profile shows a large range of rock 
types from the lithogeochemical classification scheme. These include: 1) felsic; 2) 
intermediate; 3) low -Cr mafic rocks and 4) low- Zr mafic rocks. At a depth of 168.8 meters, 
rocks are chemically classified  as intermediate rocks ( Fig. 3). Core logging shows that these 
rocks occur as variably altered intermediate granitoids ( Fig. 3). Rocks at a depth of 177.4 
meter are classified as Low -Zr mafic rock s (Lunnon Basalt equivalent; Walshe et al., 2014), 
and logging shows that these occur as fine -grained basalt ( Fig. 3). Felsic rocks are classified 
524at between down holes depths of 214.7 and 258.93 meters, and these are consistent with felsi c 
granitoid intrusions ( Fig. 3). The interval between 258.93 meters depth to EOH contains 
Low-Cr mafic rocks (Devon Consols Basalt or Paringa Basalt equivalent; Walshe et al., 
2014; Fig. 3 ), as well as felsic and intermediate rock types according to the 
lithogeochemistry. Core logging shows basalts with interbedded fine grained siliceous 
sediments ( Fig. 3) and cross-cutting granitoids between 258.93 and 285.7. The interval 285.7 
to EOH (330.4m) is dominated by Low-Cr dolerite. Low- Cr dolerites and basalt between 
283m to EOH have similar composition s in Cr (230 to 280 ppm; Fig. 3A) and Ti (3700 to 
4100 ppm).  
 
Figure 3: Downhole profile of WURD0038. Approximately the top 165m of the hole is drilled with RC 
and bottom section with diamond. I mages of the latter are shown.  The location of this drill hole is on 
the East Lode and drill towards the west as shown in Figs. 5 and 10.  
  
525Structural Analysis  
 
Overview  
 
The Wiluna gold deposit is hosted within a sequence of mafic and ultramafic basalt units 
interlayered with felsic to intermediate dykes and volcanic rocks (Figure 4). Sediments, 
including shale, also occur throughout the sequence. The stratigraphy dominantly trends to the NW and dips steeply to the SW (Figure 4 ).  
The dominant structural f eatures within the camp are a set of major N -S trending faults, 
termed the Graphite Fault, the Lake Fault and the Eastern Lineament Fault. The Graphite 
Fault has clear dextral offsets of the stratigraphy across it (Figure 4). There are also a set of 
second order N-S trending faults associated with smaller dextral displacements of the 
stratigraphy. These faults splay off the Graphite Fault and include the East Lode Fault, the 
Calvert Fault, the West Lode B Fault and the West Lode A Fault. A set of NE-trendin g faults 
with dextral offsets of stratigraphy occur as linking faults between the major N -S trending 
faults.  
Gold mineralisation is dominantly located on the second order N-trending faults, on the NE-
trending dextral faults and at major fault intersection s. The structures hosting N-trending 
lodes dip steeply to the east and the NE-trending lodes dip steeply to the northwest.  Some NW-trending mineralisation also occurs parallel to the stratigraphy e.g. Golden Age and 
Republic (Figure 4 ).    
 
Scope of struc tural assessment  
 
The focus of the structural study was to assess the kinematics and structural controls of the mineral system. Characterising the structural style of the gold mineralisation was also a key 
focus. In total 4 days were spent on site logging diamond core with the majority of available 
drill holes studied being located in the southern part of the deposit (Figure 5a). The structural 
analysis focused on logging diamond holes on section 10425 (WUDD0002, WURD005, 
WUDD0005, WURD0037; Figure 5b, 6) a nd on holes located on key structures 
(WURD0023, WURD0038 and WUDD006; Figure 5). The project aim was not to produce 
526new structural wireframes, all structural readings were imported and visualised in Leapfrog 
software.    
 
 
Assessment of distribution of st ratigraphic units derived from pXRF data  
 
Host rock variations can be a major control on the style and distribution of gold 
mineralisation in a system. A comparison of the existing geological map for the 1300RL with 
gold grade and rock types constrained by the new pXRF data was made (Figure 6), with the 
result that some additional felsic to intermediate units were identified (termed Afg in Figure 
6). From the pXRF data point distribution these new additional units have been interpreted to 
trend northwest. The location of some existing felsic to intermediate units  depicted on the 
1300RL geology map was also confirmed (note the red arrow in Figure 6b highlights an area were felsic units were identified in the pXRF that correlate with the Afg units depicted on the 
map). An approximate outline of these units has been inferred (Figure 6).  
The gold grade distribution in the southern part of the deposit has a strong correlation with 
the main N -trending faults, however there is also a NW-trend in the gold grade that correlates 
with the NW -trending intermediate to felsic units (Figure 6). An assessment in cross section 
highlights that there are numerous zones between the Western and Eastern Lodes with 
elevated gold grades which are commonly within the intermediate to felsic units (some examples are marked by orange arrows in Figure 7).   
 
527 
Figure 4: Geological maps and cross section through the Wiluna deposit. Rock type codes are the same 
for all figures – note the Afg unit is a different colour for the deposit scale map versus the detailed 
geological map for the 1300RL. Geological map and sections provided by Blackham Resources.  
 
528 
Figure 5: Geological maps highlighting location of drill holes logged and discussed in t he report. 
Location of inset b shown in (a).  
529  
 
Figure 6: Existing geological map for the 1300RL with gold grade (a) and rock types constrained by pXRF 
data. Note that some new additional felsic to intermediate units were mapped – the red arrow 
highlights a n area felsic units were identified in the pXRF that correlate with Afg units already mapped.    
 
530 
Figure 7: Section 10425 with gold grades (a) and rock types defined from pXRF data (b). Orange arrows 
highlight zones of gold grade within felsic to intermedi ate units. Section located on Fig.  6. 
 
  
531Major Fault Zones 
 
Several drill holes were logged through the steeply E-dipping Graphite Fault/ West Lode 
Fault and the steeply E-dipping East Lode Fault. In the study area the available diamond 
holes commonly intersected zones where the Graphite Fault and West Lode Fault had merged 
into one structure.   
 
The Graphite Fault/ West Lode Fault is a major structure with evidence for a long -lived 
deformation history marked by different styles of deformation. In the drill hole assessed this 
structure had a width in excess of 10 metres (Figure 7, 8). The shear zone contains an early 
ductile fabric which is over printed by later veining and brecciation with extensive bleaching 
of the fault’ s hangingwall. The brecciation with in this fault zone is extensive and commonly 
mineralised (Figure 8, 9). Many of the breccias within this fault, or in similarly oriented 
structures , have colloform textures marked by rimming of quartz or carbonate on the breccia 
clasts (Figure 9).  
 
In contrast to the Graphite Fault/ West Lode Fault the East Lode Fault (Figure 10) is a much 
narrow structure with a width of approximately 2 metres in the drill hole assessed (Figure 
11). This fault also contained extensive veining and some brecciation, but lacked the 
extensive ductile fabrics and in the hole assessed had higher levels of arsenic (Figure 10). 
There was also a zone of broad low grade gold in the footwall of the East Lode fault associated with veining in a Felsic unit (Figure 11). 
532 
Figure 8: Struct ural relationships through the Graphite Shear/ West Lode.  
 
533 
Figure 9: Breccias within the Graphite Shear/ West Lode.  
 
  
 
534 
Figure 10: Section highlighting the diamond hole assessed intersecting th e East Lode Fault. Orange 
arrow highlights the felsic units in the footwall of the fault. Section located on Fig. 6. 
535 
Figure 11: Structural relationships within the East Lode Fault. Drill hole located on Figure 5. 
 
 
 
NW-trending gold zones associated with intermediate to felsic units  
 
Drill hole WUDD0002 directly transects one of the northwest gold grade trends associated 
with intermediate to felsic units defined via the pXRF data set (Figure 7, 12). This hole was 
logged in detail to define what these features correlate with in drill core . The interval through 
this zone is within intermediate to felsic intrusive rocks and has a distinct quartz vein 
associated with the highest gold grade in the interval (from 209 to 209.6 m grading 13.7 g/t), 
this vein is wider than all other veins observed outside the major faults. The intervals on 
either side of this distinct vein have extensive thin quartz veins and veinlets that in areas 
define vein arrays and have gold grades ranging from 1 to 2 g/t gold (Figure 12).  
Significantly the distinct higher grade quartz vein trends NW and dips to the SW (Figure 13), which matched the NW -trend identified in the Leapfrog model. In contrast the thin vein 
arrays associated with the surrounding lower gold grades around this vein are dominantly N- to NE-trending and steeply dipping to moderately dipping with less common NW-trending 
veins (Figure 14).  
 
536 
Figure 12: NW-trending structure intersected by drill hole WUDD0002. Hole located on Fig.  5. 
537 
Figure 13: High grade NW -trending vein within WUDD 00 02. Drill hole located on Fig.  5. 
538 
 
Figure 14: Vein st yle on either side of the high grade NW -trending vein in WUDD0002. Drill hole loca ted 
on Fig.  5. 
 
  
539Veining linked to gold mineralisation outside the major fault zones  
 
There are numerous zones outside the major structures with elevated gold grades, such a s 
between the Western and Eastern Lodes (Figure 7). Most of these zones are associated with 
thin veins that in some arrays define vein arrays. Whilst some of the vein arrays are high 
grade (> 10 g/t; Figure 1 5), the majority of these have intervals with gr ades ranging from 0.5 
to 3 g/t and most commonly occur within the felsic to intermediate units (e.g. Figures 1 6 and 
17). The veins are dominantly quartz-carbonate, however stibnite veins also occur. The 
dominant structural orientations of the quartz and stibnite veins are steeply dipping and NE- 
or N-trending (Figure 18 ). NW-trending quartz veins are a subordinate population with 
respect to frequency. There is also a set of shallowly dipping veins that occur sporadically (Figure 18). The NE-trending veins, and much less common NW-trending veins, are both 
oblique to existing structural trends, such as foliations or fault zones within the rock, which dominantly trend N-S in the drill holes logged (Figure 18).  
 
 
Figure 15: Example of higher grade quartz vein ar rays. Drill hole located on Fig.  5. 
 
540 
Figure 16: Example of low grade quartz vein arrays within felsic units. Section located on Fig.  6. 
541 
Figure 17: Example of low grade quartz vein arrays within Felsic units. Section located on Fig.  6. 
542 
 
Figure 18: Structura l data. See text for discussion.  
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
543Over printing relationships and kinematics  
 
Some clear over printing relationships and kinematic were constrained; 
1) The early N -trending foliation is over printed by low angle quartz veins (Figure 19a)  
2) The low angl e veins provide evidence for compression and also supralithostatic fluid 
pressures 
3) The low angle veins are over printed by the steep N-trending and NE-trending veins 
that in many areas form vein arrays (Figures 1 9b and 19c)  
4) The steep dipping quartz vein ar rays are over printed by the steep -dipping stibnite 
veins (Figure 20). The quartz and stibnite veins both have similar orientations 
(Figures 1 8 and 20) 
5) The steep -dipping NE-trending veins commonly have vein geometries indicative of a 
component normal movem ent e.g. dilational jogs (Figure 21a and 21b) 
6) Some veins with gold- related alteration have conjugate geometries consisten t with 
NW-SE extension (Figure 21c)  
 
The N-trending orientations of the major shears, the dextral fault offsets of the stratigraphy, 
and the NE- and NW-trending steeply dipping veins related to gold are all consistent with a 
strike-slip mineral system. Whilst this study focussed on the southern part of the deposit, the 
one drill hole logged in the northern part of the deposit had similar vein orientations to those 
logged further south e.g. WURD0023 (Figure 15). The steep -dipping vein arrays are 
interpreted to have formed during NE-SW shortening and NW- SE extension with dextral 
movement on the major faults (Figure 22). This is consistent with previous publications on 
the Wiluna deposit (e.g. Hagemann et al., 1992).  
 
* 
 
 
544 
Figure 19: Overprinting relationships - examples from drill cor e. Drill holes located on Fig.  5. 
 
 
Figure 20: Over printing relationships between quartz and stibnite vei ns. D rill hole located on Fig.  5. 
545 
Figure 21: Quartz vein kinematics. Drill holes locat ed on Fig.  5. 
 
546 
Figure 22: Kinematic model for vein formation.  
 
 
Structural model and implications for ore shoot development  
 
An inferred structural evolution of the Wiluna sys tem has been produced from the assessment 
of the key relationships in the drill core, gold grade distributions and stratigraphy in the 
Leapfrog model.  
The initial stage of deformation was linked to the formation of the early ductile fabrics, and development of the main shear zones (the Graphite Shear Zone and the Eastern Lineament 
Fault) with the East and West lode faults also inferred to have formed at this stage (Figur e 
23). Reverse movement is the inferred movement direction on these structures with some 
interpreted slip along the NW -trending stratigraphic contacts between the felsic and 
intermediate units and the mafic and ultramafic units (Figur e 23). At some stage low angle 
veins formed that are consistent with compression and fluid overpressure and possible minor 
gold.  
 
547 
Figure 23: Early structural evolution linked to E -W shortening.  
 
  
548In contrast to the earlier deformation, the high grade gold was related to a different stress 
field, which was a strike- slip system. The overall strain linked to mineralisation was NW -SE 
stretching  and NE-SW shortening (Figures 22 and 24). This dextral strike -slip system had a 
component of transtension linked to normal movement on some NE-trending zones causing 
the localised formation of exten sional conjugate veins (Figure 21 ). A set of newly formed 
NE-trending faults with dextral offsets of the stratigraphy are interpreted to have formed as 
linking faults between the major N -S trending faults. Gold mineralisation was dominantly 
focussed on the second order N- trending fau lts (West and East Lodes), on the NE-trending 
dextral faults and at major fault intersections. There are strike changes on some N -trending 
faults that appear to have produced dilatant zones (e.g. East Lode in Figure 24).  
The initial NE - and N-trending vei ns were quartz -carbonate with a later set of stibnite veins. 
Both sets of veins have similar geometries and are interpreted to have formed in the same stress field representing a mineralogical evolution from quartz -carbonate to stibnite dominant 
assemblages. The vein arrays and extensive breccias (some with colloform textures) are consistent with shallow crustal level brittle deformation.  
The NW-trending gold grade trends highlighted in Figure 6 are interpreted to reflect two 
structural components; 
1) The preferential brittle failure of the felsic to intermediate units producing vein arrays 
in these host rocks (Figure 24). The preferred interpretation is that even though the 
dominant veins are N- and NE-trending (Figure 112 ), the overall grade envelope is 
NW-trending and SW-dipping due to the stratigraphic control on the veining. One 
implication is that such zones would be best drill tested by east-dipping drill holes to 
minimise drilling down the stratigraphy and/or the dominant quartz vein orientations 
(for example northeast-dipping holes could drill down the dominant vein arrays).  
2) Localised NW -trending shears forming on the edges of the NW- trending felsic to 
intermediate intrusive units (Figure 2 4) and potentially also along within unit 
variations. These she ars are linked to the formation of discrete NW -trending high 
grade veins (Figure 13) that were not commonly observed. The “tip” regions where 
these felsic intrusions lens out may also have been linked to greater dilation and 
additional gold mineralisation.  It is geometrically feasible that the NW -trending 
shears were reactivated as reverse faults during gold mineralisation. However, the field relationships are not consistent with this interpretation. Specifically, these 
structures are surrounded by steeply dipping vein arrays more consistent with strike-
549slip movement (Figure 1 4) or stratigraphic parallel extension producing very localised 
shearing and vein formation.  
 
As argued by previous workers (e.g. Hagemann et al., 1992), the field relationships provide 
clear evidence that the Wiluna gold deposit formed in a dextral strike-slip system. However, 
one anomalous aspect is that the ore shoots in long section plunge moderately to shallowly to 
the south (Figure 25 ). In a strike -slip system ore shoots are norma lly vertical in orientation. 
We infer that the oblique SW-dipping NW-trending stratigraphy is a major control on these S-plunging ore shoots. The following are potential ore shoot controls linked to the NW-
trending stratigraphy; 
1) The stratigraphic units acted as fluid flow pathways or barriers with different permeability resulting in partitioning of the grade on the N-trending lodes. The 
intersection of these units with the faults, currently interpreted to be S- plunging, will 
be a key control.   
2) The formation of dilational jogs that focus gold -bearing fluids. One potential example 
of this control is a strike change on the East lode that correlates with a change in rock type controlled by (Amb1 to Amb2 in the western side of the fault; Figure 24). This 
strike change, and the plunge of the dilational jog, will follow the intersection of these 
units with the fault.  
3) The intersection of NW-trending structures that reflect shear localisation along the 
NW-trending felsic to intermediate stratigraphy. The location of the NW-trending 
veins logged in WUDD0002 (Figure 13 ) is highlighted in Figure 2 5. These veins 
correlate with a trend in the grade.  
 
550 
Figure 24: Main stage gold event linked to strike -slip deformation. See text for discussion.  
 
 
551 
Figure 25: South plunging ore  shoots controlled by oblique NW -trending stratigraphy. Note that the 
black arrow highlights the location of the NW- trending veins in WUDD0002. These veins are plotted as 
orange disks in the figure.  
 
 
Methods and Mineral Data Used  
 
TIMA -SEM mineral mapping  technique and sample preparation  
 
A Mira TescanTM field emission gun (FEG) scanning electron microscope (SEM) 
coupled with 3 Maxim PulseTor detectors using a 25keV 6nA beam was used to conduct 
mineral mapping ( Fig. 26). Diamond core drilled as 25 millimeter rounds and close to 600 air 
552core (AC) and reverse circulation (RC) samples were used for the current study, where 0.5 to 
5 mm rock chips were placed in a 25 millimeter round mold, encased in epoxy resin and 
polished. Vein material was largely avoided during sampling, as the goal was to assess the 
effects of alteration on host- rock mineralogy for rock matrices.  
The Tescan Integrated Mineral Analyser (TIMA) software package was used to 
conduct automated mapping over an area of approximately 3.5 square centimeters from AC 
samples. AC chips were mapped at a resolution of 11 microns, taking approximately 40 
minutes per sample.  X-ray data were collected across the polished surface, with 1000 total x-
ray counts per spectrum required. Prior to each analysis, standard instrument calibration was 
performed, beam alignment, backscatter electron calibration and x -ray counts calibration on 
each EDS detector.  
A CSIRO spectra matching library with over 100 different minerals was generated 
from international standards, microprobe quantified in-house standards or estimates based on semi-quantified EDS analysis. The TIMA software package performing in modal mineralogy 
mode gave output as mineral abundance in volume percent. 
For end-member mineral phases 
the density was deri ved from known database (average mineral density from webmineral.com  
database). For impure phases, the density was evaluated considering the backscatter electron intensity and concentration of elements. 
Samples were scanned using a beam size of 26 nano 
meters.   
 
 
553 
 
Figure 26: Multi -detector Tescan SEM used for automated mineral mapping using Tescan Integrated 
Mineral Analyzer (TIMA) software.  
 
X-ray Diffraction (XRD)  
 
Selected pulp samples from PNA -series drill samples were analysed using the XRD 
and compared with results from TIMA analysis. This was conducted to cross- check with 
TIMA results. X-ray diffraction data was collected using a Bruker D4 Endeavor instrument 
fitted with a Co tube, Fe filter and LynxEye position sensitive detector. Samples were 
prepared as powders smeared on glass slides with ethanol, and measured from 5-90° 2- theta 
with a step size of 0.02° and a divergence slit of 1°. Mineral identification and quantification was completed using Bruker DIFFRAC.EVA software and the Crystallography O pen 
Database.  
 
TIMA and XRD results  
 
 The XRD measures bulk  feldspar, amphibole, quartz and mica for pulp samples. The 
XRD is not capable of distinguishing the various generations of solid-solution mineral phases 
(i.e. plagioclase) and results deliver bulk compositions for each pulp sample. Here for 
comparison we compared results from the XRD with those from the Tescan TIMA, which we 
554summed the different solid -solution mineral types (i.e. feldspar = albite + oligoclase + 
andesine + anorthite). One key diff erence between XRD samples and TIMA samples is that 
the former is carried out on pulp material, whereas the latter is carried out on rock chips. It is 
important to note that vein material is largely avoided when preparing rock chip mounts, 
which may result in lower values for minerals, such as quartz, from TIMA mineral analyses. 
One other difference is that XRD is reported as a mass percent whereas TIMA results are 
reported here as volume percent (calculated from area using stereographic corrections in the 
TIMA software package). Mass of minerals from XRD are normalized to 100 percent, 
whereas for TIMA unidentified grains are still considered as part of the total volume. This 
will lead to some inconsistencies between the two results.  
 The four mineral groups (feldspar, amphibole, quartz and mica) were plotted onto scatter plots for numerous samples from dolerite and granitoids. Quartz and feldspar groups 
are on average approximately 10 percent higher for XRD than TIMA, but a strong correlation 
between the two  methods (i.e. Qz R
2 = 0.94 and Pl R2 = 0.86; Fig. 27A ). Lower values may 
in part reflect normalization of the XRD data, or the removal of vein material, which is often quartz-rich. Average plagioclase composition from XRD measurements were deemed to be 
labradoritic in numerous dolerite samples, which is consistent with a mix of andesine and 
anorthite as seen in the TIMA data (see below). Mica data shows good agreement with TIMA and XRD (R
2 = 0.81). Amphibole shows strong agreement between TIMA than XRD (R2 = 
0.94). Overall there is a strong correlation between the four mineral groups for the two methods (R
2=0.93). 
 A reproducibility check was ran on dolerite chip samples for the TIMA analysis. This was conducted by making a second mount with the chips from the same sample, and then 
running the second sample under the same beam and scanning conditions as the first mount. 
Results show a strong correlation (R
2=0.98) for volume of minerals on an x- y scatter plot 
(Fig. 27B).    
 
555 
 
Figure 27:A. Quantified mineral values of major minerals from various samples from the current study. 
TIMA (vol. %) are plotted against XRD (mass %) values for comparison. B. Results for mineral analysis 
for duplicate samples (sample A and B) run by the TIMA. Values for over 100 minerals  are reported in 
volume percent.  
 
Alteration Paragenesis 
 
A paragenetic framework for alteration of the Wiluna camp was developed from core 
logging and detailed SEM- EDS scans on  diamond core, AC and RC chips . These maps 
provide accurate textural and miner alogical data (quantified mineralogy to less than 0.01 vol. 
%; Fig. 27B). 
Major alteration/metamorphic events are based on cross -cutting relationships that can 
be divided into 3 major stages, as well as numerous sub- stages (Fig. 28). Pre-gold stages 
include: 
Pre-mineral (calcic -sodic or sodic): 
 Stage 1A (calcic-sodic ): Calcic-amphibole – quartz – albite – K-feldspar - calcite – 
apatite - titanite ( Fig. 29A-B ) 
 Stage 1B (calcic -sodic): albite-calcite-chlorite +/ - calcic amphibole +/ - 
epidote/clinozoisite  –leucoxene (titanite -rutile-Ti-bearing amphibole?; Figs. 29A, C and 
30A; mafic examples WUDD0006-218.2; WUDD0005-69.8, 77.9, 150.4). Albite – chlorite – 
calcite – magnetite +/- ilmenite – rutile (granitoid: WURD0026 -51.8) 
Syn-mineral stages include:  
 
556Syn-mineral (potassic or sodic associated with sulfidation of wall rocks): 
 Stage 2A (potassic)  muscovite  - quartz – pyrite – arsenopyrite – rutile – calcite  +/ - 
chlorite +/ - dolomite +/- albite (Fig. 30A-B ; WURD0038-293.95) associated with quartz-
albite veining (W URD0037 -117.6) 
 Stage 2B (sodic): chlorite – pyrite – arsenopyrite – albite - rutile (Fig. 30C; 
WUDD0006 -218.2, WURD0038-214.4, WURD0038-160.1) or q uartz – albite – dolomite – 
calcite - anhydrite – pyrite - rutile (Fig. 31A; WURD0037-89.9) 
 Stage 2C Quartz-albite-stibnite-calcite (Fig. 31B; WURD0037-137.4) 
 
Post-mineral (calcic) : 
 Stage 3A dolomite – calcite – apatite veins ( Fig. 31C; WUDD0006 -219.5) 
 Stage 3B calcite – dolomite vein ( Fig. 31C; WUDD0006 -219.5) 
 Stage 3C epidote- titanite stringers (WURD0038 -204.85) 
  
 
Textural features observed  at macro- and micro -scale are consistent with primary 
magmatic features. These textures include pillows preserved in basalts  (Fig. 29B) and coarse -
grained (3 to 5mm) cubic clusters of calcic-amphibole in dolerites that appea r to 
pseudomorph pre- existing pyroxene ( Fig. 29A). Pillow margins contain Stage 1A 1 
millimetre nodules of radiating needle -like crystals of calcic -amphibole with albite +/- K-
feldspar and titanite. These textures appear consistent with devitrification at pillow margins  
(Fig. 29B). 
Figure 29C shows Stage 1B albite – calcite – chlorite +/ - calcic amphibole altered basalt.  
Much of the calcic-amphibole is light colour giving the rock a ‘bleached’ appearance, 
consistence with the presence of Mg -rich calcic -amphibole, which likely has a composition 
approaching tremolite end -member (referred to as ‘Actinolite_Mg’ from TIMA database 
classification scheme).  Stage 1B sodic alteration is locally pervasive, includes thin veins 
aligned to a fabric of calcite and is over printed by Stage 2B chlorite – pyrite – arsenopyrite – 
albite alteration, which is largely calcite -poor (Fig. 29C).  
 
557 
 
Figure 28: Paragenetic diagram for the Wiluna camp. The paragenesis is largely based on alteration 
events around the West and East Lodes. Ar eas shaded orange are inferred to be related to the main 
gold mineralization event; although free -gold was not identified during the current study.  
 
558 
559Figure 29: TIMA phase maps and corresponding images of diamond core showing mineralogy and 
textural relati onships of stage 1 alteration assemblages. A. Stage 1A (calcic) calcic- amphibole – quartz – 
albite – K-feldspar - calcite – apatite – titanite overprinted by Stage 1B (sodic) albite -calcite -chlorite -
epidote/clinozoisite –leucoxene in  dolerite from the West  Lode area. Square white box shows calcic -
amphibole appearing to pseudomorph a pre -existing cubic phase. B. Altered basalt from the northern 
area of the Wiluna Camp. Basalt contains  radiating needle -like crystals of calcic- amphibole with albite 
+/- K-felds par and titanite. These textures appear consistent with devitrification textures, and sodic 
alteration may be related to Stage 1B alteration. The lighter beige areas of the diamond core reflect 
areas that are abundant in calcic -amphibole (likely dominated by tremolite) and albite. Darker green 
areas are chlorite -rich with calcic- amphibole. C. Stage 1B albite -calcic- amphibole altered basalt that is 
cross- cut by Stage 2B albite -calcite vein with fine disseminated pyrite -arsenopyrite in adjacent wall 
rock.  
 
 
 
 
 
      
 
     
 
560 
561Figure 30: TIMA phase maps and corresponding images of diamond core showing mineralogy and 
textural relationships of stage 2 alteration assemblages. A. Stage 2A muscovite that overprints Stage 1B 
chlorite in dolerites from the West Lode. The  dolerite is dominated by Stage 1B albite -chlorite -titanite -
rutile (leucoxene) alteration and cross -cut by Stage 2 A quartz -muscovite vein. Stage 1B and 2A 
alteration assemblages are overprinted Stage 2B calcite veins and associated albite -pyrite alteration . B. 
Altered granitoid from the East Lode. Stage 2A muscovite partially replaces Stage 1 albite, and occurs 
with quartz, arsenopyrite, pyrite, rutile, calcite and dolomite in altered granitoids. C.  Altered granitoid 
from the East Lode showing Stage 2A musc ovite alteration overprinted by Stage 2B chlorite -albite -
rutile alteration.  
 
 
   
 
      
 
     
 
 
562 
563Figure 31: TIMA phase maps and corresponding images of diamond core showing mineralogy and 
textural relationships of stage 2 and 3 alteration assemblages. A. Altered granitoid from east of the 
West Lode showing Stage 2A muscovite -albite -dolomite -pyrite -arsenopyrite alteration cross -cut by 
Stage 2B quartz veins with albite -calcite altered selvages. Stage 2B veins also contain anhydrite. B.  
Altered granitoid east of the West Lode that contains Stage 2A muscovite -albite -pyrite alteration that 
is cross- cut by Stage 2C quartz -calcite -stibnite veins. C.  Altered basalt to the south of the West Lode 
that contain Stage 1A calcic -amphibole that is cross -cut by Stage 2B alb ite-pyrite -arsenopyite -calcite 
alteration.  
 
Dolerites show Stage 1B albite -quartz-chlorite-epidote-clinozoisite alteration, which 
overprints Stage 1A plagioclase and calcic-amphibole ( Fig. 29A). These dolerites have 
significant amounts of Stage 1B small (<  2mm) aggregates of titanite, rutile and Ti-bearing 
calcic-silicate(s) that chemically appear consistent with magnesiohornblende ( Fig. 31A-B ), 
which are commonly referred to as leucoxene (field term). Ti element map ping of an 
aggregate of Stage 1A Ti -bearing mineral phases shows exsolution like textures, which could 
reflect pre -existing primary textures.  Stage 1B altered dolerites are cross -cut by Stage 2A 
quartz veins that contain pervasive muscovite -albite-calcite selvages. Pervasive muscovite 
alteration  Stage 2A muscovite notably overprints Stage 1B chlorite in dolerites ( Fig. 30A). 
 Stage 2A muscovite alteration is pervasive along the East and West lodes and occurs 
in basalts, dolerites and granitoids. The pervasive muscovite alteration occurs as selvage s 
around quartz veins in basalt, dolerite and granitoids ( Fig. 30A-B ). Stage 2A muscovite 
partially replaces Stage 1 albite, and occurs with quartz, arsenopyrite, pyrite, rutile, calcite 
and dolomite in altered granitoids ( Fig. 30C). In basalts Stage 2B al teration is manifested as 
strong ‘bleaching ’ of host rock s and occurs as fine grained muscovite- chlorite-pyrite +/- 
arsenopyrite ( WUDD0002 -155.15). Stage 2A alteration is considered to reflect gold Event 1 
described by Hagemann and Luders (2003). Stage 2A muscovite alteration is overprinted by 
Stage 2B chlorite alteration ( Fig. 30C).  
 Stage 2B alteration was mapped in basalt and granitoid. Stage 2B alteration can be 
marked by the replacement of Stage 2A muscovite by Stage 2B chlorite ( Fig. 30C). As 
mentioned above it is identified with carbonate- poor assemblages of chlorite – quartz – pyrite 
–arsenopyrite in altered basalt near the West Lode. Stage 2B  alteration also occurs with the 
introduction of quartz veins and notably overprints Stage 2A muscovite ( Fig. 31A). Stage 2B 
quartz veins can contain anhydrite with pyrite, calcite and dolomite  (Fig. 31A). There are 
traces of subhedral arsenopyrite with pyrite and anhydrite ( Fig. 31A). Assuming that this 
assemblage was close to equilibrium, then combined with te mperature estimates from 
Hagemann and Luders (2003), it infers specific pH and fO2 conditions (see below). This 
564alteration event in the presence of carbonate appears to  reflect neutral to alkaline conditions 
(see below), which is consistent with the destruction of carbonate-poor St age 2A muscovite-
rich alteration. Stage 2C, which comprises stibnite- albite-quartz and calcite, is also muscovite 
destructive and  may also indicate either neutral or alkaline conditions. Stage 2D quartz veins 
are comprised of calcite and stibnite ( Fig. 31B), and this assemblage appears consistent with 
gold Event 2 as described by Hagemann and Luders (2003). 
 Late post-mineral stage 3 alteration assemblages are largely comprised of calcite, 
calcite-dolomite or epidote- clinozoisite with titanite ( Fig. 31C). These occur as thin veins that 
cross-cut stage 1 and 2 alteration assemblages.  
 
Figure 32: A. Ti element map of an aggregate of Stage 1A Ti -bearing mineral phases (commonly 
referred to as ‘leucoxene’ in the field) as shown in ‘B’. M ineral aggregate shows exsolution like 
textures, which could reflect pre -existing primary textures. B.  The aggregate of Ti -phases consists of 
titanite -rutile and what appears to be calcic -amphibole that contains abundant Ti (i.e. ~4 volume % Ti).  
 
 
 
 
 
Alteration Domains and Spatial Relationships  
 
565Ti-phases  
 
 The transition from stage 1 to stage 2 occurs with the introduction of pyrite and 
arsenides, reflecting sulfidation and arsenic metasomatism of the wallrocks. It is also marked 
by assemblages of rutile as opposed to those containing both titanite and rutile (commonly 
the assemblage of leucoxene). Ti -bearing phase zones are, however, dependent on bulk 
composition, with felsic rock stabilizing rutile over titanite. Variations in the amount of Ti, Fe, Si and Ca in the bulk rock for different rock types play a role in stabilizing the various Ti 
phases. An algorithm was generated to level the amount of rutile or titanite for  various rock 
types as a function of bulk rock composition. This algorithim is based on a set of calculations 
that consider bulk rock Zr, Ti and Cr values , consistent with the ternary classification scheme 
used for distinguishing rock types from pXRF values ( Fig. 33). A downhole profile for 
WURD0038 from the East Lode was assessed to determine the outcome of mineral  levelling 
(Fig. 34). Levelling of rutile shows that samples with anomalous rutile values (i.e. >0 .37) are 
evenly distributed across the rock classification ternary plot, and particularly there is a greater 
representation of anomalous rutile values for Cr- rich mafic and ultramafic rocks compared 
with the unlevelled data ( Fig. 33B-C ). In contrast intermediate and felsic rocks as well as Cr -
poor mafic rocks are relatively enriched in rutile compared to their Cr- richer ultramafic and 
mafic counterparts; however the levelling acts to reduce the bias.  
A downhole profile for WURD0038 shows that the top and bottom of holes are 
characterised by Lo w-Cr Mafic rocks with a similar abundance of Cr (Fig. 34 ). Ti values are 
on average lower at the bottom of the hole with values mostly between 4000 and 5500 ppm at 
the top and values between 3800 and 4100 at the bottom of the hole. A downhole profile for 
rutile shows significant contrasts between the top and bottom of the hole ( Fig. 34). Low-Cr 
mafic rocks at the top of the hole have less than 0.1 volume percent rutile, whereas at the 
bottom of the hole has rutile values between 0.1 and 0.5 volume percent. Titanite, in contrast, 
is on average higher but variable in rocks from the top of the hole (<0.01 to 0.25 vol. %), 
whereas rocks at the bottom of the hole all have values below detection (i.e. <0.01 vol. %). 
Changes in the abundance of Ti- phases reflects a change in the mineralogy between the top 
and bottom of hole in one chemically equivalent rock unit, which is inferred to be related to changes in alteration and fluid chemistry, supported by textural relationships that define the 
alteration stages.  
566 
Figure 33: A. Zr- Cr-Ti ternary plot showing results from pXRF analysis on rocks from the Wiluna Camp. 
B. Zr-Cr-Ti ternary plot showing results from TIMA mineral mapping of rutile. Colours reflect the 
relative changes in concentration of modal abundance of rutile.  C. Results of l evelling of rutile shows 
that samples with anomalous rutile values (i.e. >0.37)  are relatively evenly distributed across the rock 
classification ternary plot, and particularly there is a greater representation of anomalous rutile values 
for Cr -rich mafic and ultramafic rocks compared with the unlevelled data ( as shown in B ). In contrast 
intermediate and felsic rocks as well as Cr -poor mafic rocks are relatively enriched in rutile compared 
to their Cr -richer ultramafic and mafic counterparts; however the levelling acts to reduce the bias.  
567 
 
Figure 34: A series of downhole profiles from  drill hole WURD0038 that show the results of mineral 
mapping of rutile and titanite across a number of different rock types in reference to gold grades. The 
location of this drill hole is on the East Lode and drill towards the west as shown in Fig. 5. Res ults are 
also shown on the effects of levelling the data. Note that levelled rutile values are relatively consistent 
from low -Cr Mafic rocks across to Felsic rocks in the low half of the drill hole. Note that Low -Cr mafic at 
the bottom of the drill hole sh ows significantly different levelled and unlevelled rutile and titanite 
values compared chemically equivalent Low -Cr Mafic rocks and  at the top of the hole, reflecting 
mineralogical changes due to alteration. These mineralogical changes can be used to ide ntify zones 
based on a levelled rutile versus titanite plot. Note there is good agreement with the presence of 
levelled rutile domains (red) and zones of gold mineralization.  
 
568 Rutile alteration occurs in granitoids in the lower half of the hole. These ro cks have Ti 
values of less than 500 ppm and rutile in these rocks is less than 0.02 volume percent modal 
mineralogy. The granitoids do not contain detectable titanite. The levelling used in the 
current study shows that granitoids have levelled values of between 0.15 and 0.2 for rutile. Basalt in the immediate footwall has a levelled value of 0.19 for rutile. Footwall basalts have 
levelled rutile values of between 0.1 and 0.43, whereas those in the hangingwall have levelled 
values of <0.08. Consistent levelled values for rutile across contacts between granitoids and 
basalts demonstrates that rutile domains can be quantifiably mapped across lithological 
boundaries of independent of rock types ( Fig. 34). In contrast the contact between the 
granitoid and Low- Zr basalt in the hangingwall reflects a sharp change in levelled rutile 
values. The hangingwall Low-Zr basalts have low amounts of rutile (both levelled and 
unlevelled), reflecting a sharp change in the Ti -phase mineralogy. This sharp change in 
levelled rutile between the hangingwall Low -Zr basalt (low) and the footwall granitoid (high) 
also marks a significant change in mineralization ( Fig. 34). Gold values commonly above 
0.08 ppm in the granitoid. Gold grades are high (up to 6.5 g/t) in granitoids close to t he 
contact. Gold grades drop-off into the hangingwall into Low- Zr basalt (below detection 
(<0.01g/t)).  
 Titanite shows an opposite trend to rutile. Modal abundance of titanite (levelled or 
unlevelled) is insignificant in granitoids and basalts in the footw all (<0.01), whereas levelled 
titanite values are above 0.01 in the hangingwall. Thus there is broad zoning down the hole. This broad zonation pattern is illustrated using a colour coding. Red coloured samples 
represent those that have significant levelled  rutile values (>0.1), whereas blue represent 
samples that have significantly low levelled rutile values (<0.1; Fig. 34). Samples that are 
low in levelled rutile values tend to have significantly high titanite values.  
 The spatial distribution of levelled  rutile domains are mapped and shown in Figure 35 . 
Levelled rutile domains are well developed along the main mapped structures. Many rocks 
away from major mapped structures plot in the levelled titanite field, demonstrating chemical 
gradients around the main structures – reflecting rutile out to titanite domains. There are 
some exceptions. The area to the east of the Gap shows significant levelled rutile domains, 
which potentially reflects a chemical gradient. There is also an area to the southeast of the 
Adelaide Fault. These rutile domains potentially reflect areas where the fluid fCO2 has 
increased during a phase of alteration. The presence of fCO2 gradients should also be reflected in carbonate metasomatism, as low temperature alteration can also stabilize rutile.  
569 
Figure 35: Samples with levelled rutile values of greater than 0.1 are coloured red. These values are 
shown on a map of the Wiluna Camp in reference to gold grades (samples shown that contain greater 
than 0.5 ppm Au). There is good agreement wit h the occurrence of levelled rutile  (>0.1),  structures  and 
gold mineralization .  
 
 
 
570 It is also important to point out that some mineralized areas do not contain notable 
zones of rutile alteration. The mineralized zone east of Semaphone and west of Squib 
contains only small minor rutile domains, and is dominated by titanite. One mineralized 
interval corresponds with rutile; however the rest appear to correspond titanite. The basalt wall rock consist of fine disseminated titanite with chlorite consistent with Stage 1  alteration.  
 
Carbonates and Epidote -group zones  
  
As described above the rutile domains are possible proxies for zones where fluids 
with high fCO 2 have metasomatised the wallrocks  around prospective faults . These rutile 
zones are associated with gold mineralization in other Archean gold systems (e.g., St Ives, 
Kundana; Walshe et al., 2014; 2017). One other possible check for fCO 2 gradients are for 
evidence of carbonate metasomatism. Calcic phases, such as epidote group minerals (epidote 
and clinoz oisite), can show an apathetic relationships with carbonate minerals and Ti -phases 
(e.g., Athena, St Ives camp) , largely reflecting minerals competing for Ca . Here we test if 
those zonation patterns are evident within the Wiluna Camp.  
As mafic rock types are more abundant in Ca then their felsic and ultramafic 
counterparts, carbonate and epidote group minerals were levelled to bulk rock composition. 
These data were then plotted on an epidote-group versus carbonate-group scatter plot. Results 
show two main populations, which includes those dominated by epidote-group minerals and 
those dominated by carbonate minerals. The downhole profile of WURD0038 was used to 
view the outcomes of the levelling. A downhole profile for WURD0038 shows an apathetic 
relationship between carbonates and epidote-group minerals. Epidote group minerals occur 
with titanite domains, whereas carbonate assemblages occur with rutile domains. Hence, as 
with Ti-phases, epidote group versus carbonate domains are not governed by rock type.  
A levelled epidote group versus carbonate alteration map was generated for the Wiluna 
Camp. An important additional variable on this map is the distinction between dolomite and 
calcite sub -groups within the carbonate group. The levelled Ca-phase map shows dolomite 
zones along the main structures, a broad outer epidote-group mineral zone and calcite domains around the main structure. The dolomite zones appear to be the most precise 
indicator of proxity to the main mineralized structure; although as shown in t he paragenetic 
571sequence dolomite can be associated with Stage 3 veins, and there can be temporally late. 
Nevertheless there appears to be a spatial significance to the presence of dolomite.  
 
Figure 36: A. Levelled clinozoisite -epidote group versus carbonate  scatter plot used to distinguish 
carbonate -rich assemblages from those that relatively enriched in clinozoisite -epidote. The latter 
commonly occurs with titanite -bearing assemblages, reflecting metasomatism by relatively CO2 -poor 
fluids. B. Dolomite -beari ng samples are distinguished from calcite -bearing samples. C. Map showing 
the distribution of calcite and dolomite -rich samples. Calcite is quite widespread, whereas dolomite -
bearing samples appear more localized around the major gold -bearing shear zones. D. Map showing 
distribution of clinozoisite -epidote, which are commonly associated with Stage 1B alteration. These 
zones occur peripheral to the main shear zones.  
572 
There are mineralized zones within broader epidote-group domains. One example is 
the area to the east of the Gap, which is a notable rutile domain. Although this a broader 
epidote-group domain it contains calcite domains within. The localized occurrence of 
carbonate may reflect the fact that carbonate metasomatism is localized in some of these 
areas.  
 
Fe-bearing sulphide s, arsenides and oxide zones  
 
 Iron-bearing sulphide, arsenide and oxide minerals were investigated in light of the 
Ti-phase mineral zonation patterns. Downhole profiles were constructed for hole 
WURD0038 for comparison. Pyrite, arsenopyrite and magnetite are the major phases  in this 
hole. Pyrrhotite is common in many gold camps, but is largely absent from Wiluna, likely 
reflecting the low recorded temperatures, as shown by the fluid inclusion data (Hagemann 
and Luders, 2003).  
Discrimination diagrams were constructed to distinguish rocks with different 
assemblages. Rocks with less than 0.001 volume percent of all three of the above phases were 
excluded from the discrimination plot. This value is considered the quantifiable lower l imit 
for these phases ( Fig. 27). Using a discrimination plot ( Fig. 37), rocks are grouped into 5 
main domains which include : 1) magnetite>pyrite; 2) pyrite>magnetite; 3) pyrite; 4) 
pyrite>>arsenopyrite and 5) pyrite- arsenopyrite. The arsenide-bearing domains correspond 
well with the known ore-zones at Wiluna, and in the area between Squib and Semaphore 
(Fig. 38). Within bore hole WURD0038 there are pyrite -arsenide domains around the known 
mineral d omains; however pyrite zones are also developed close to the known ore zones ( Fig. 
37). At the camp -scale the pyrite domains are broad, but overlap with the known ore zones 
(Figs. 37 and 38). Mapping of the arsenide- bearing domains appears to show that these are 
highly restricted to the main lodes and do not appear to broaden the alteration footprint of the 
known mineralized zones significantly ( Fig. 38). In contrast pyrite -bearing domains are broad 
and spatially unconstrained ( Fig. 38). 
 
573 
Figure 37: A-B. Downhole profile of magnetite, pyrite and arsenopyrite bearing  domains with reference 
to gold mineralization for bore hole WURD0038 ( see Figs. 5 and 10 for location). Bore hole was drilled 
across the East Lode and towards the west. C. Ternary magenite -pyrite -arsenopyrite plot used to 
identify 1) magnetite>pyrite; 2) pyrite>magnetite; 3) pyrite; 4) pyrite>>arsenopyrite and 5) pyrite -
arsenopyrite domains.  
 
 
 
  
574 
Figure 38: A. Ternary mag netite-pyrite -arsenopyrite plot used to identify 1) magnetite>pyrite; 2) 
pyrite>magnetite; 3) pyrite; 4) pyrite>>arsenopyrite and 5) pyri te-arsenopyrite domains as shown in B -
D. B-D Maps showing the distribution of 1) magnetite>pyrite; 2) pyrite>magnetite; 3) pyrite; 4) 
pyrite>>arsenopyrite and 5) pyrite -arsenopyrite domains. Pyrite and magnetite -bearing domains are 
relatively broad and unc onstrained.  
 
575 
Discussion and Conclusions  
 
Mineral Zoning  
 
 Mineral zoning patterns have been mapped and Ti-phases, carbonates, epidote-group 
minerals, sulphides, arsenides and micas form part of key mineral zonation patterns. These 
minerals are used to det ermine prospective areas based on combining zonation patterns for 
each of the minerals. As described above rutile, muscovite, arsenopyrite, dolomite, calcite and a lack of titanite and epidote group minerals are seen as prospective rocks at Wiluna. 
Dolomite and arsenopyrite are often specific to where the ore zones are ( Figs. 36 and 38). 
Broadly these three zones form much of the alteration zones, which essentially reflect the fCO2 gradients. Fluid alkalinity also plays an important role in the transportation and 
deposition of Au (e.g., Bath et al. submitted). Alkaline fluids are inferred to have a greater 
capacity to transport Au compared to their acidic counterparts as Au-bisulfide complexes or 
colloidal gold are more stable under alkaline conditions. Prec ise mapping of the alkaline 
domains requires detailed thermodynamic calculations to be made on individual alteration assemblages, which is time consuming, and currently not feasible for work carried out at the 
camp-scale. There are some potential proxies f or mapping shifts in pH. Muscovite in the 
presence of quartz is potential proxy for acidic conditions (i.e. Stage 2A alteration); whereas albite-rich and muscovite-poor assemblages may be considered proxies for neutral and 
alkaline conditions (i.e. Stage 2B alteration). Quartz dissolution occurs under alkaline conditions due to changes in aqueous-species and solubility of Si under alkaline conditions. 
We generated a discrimination diagram that aims to 1) assess fCO2 gradients using 
mineralogy and 2) pH gradients to map key areas within the Wiluna Camp.  
To define these zones and generate mineral fluid pathway maps we generated a series 
of scatter plots to divide rocks into main groups. We then used discriminant analysis to 
determine is multivariate methods c ould be used to routinely predict the proximity of a 
sample to the predominant fluid pathways.  
 From discriminant analysis, structure coefficients  can be used to statistically assess 
the relationship between mineral indicators and calculated latent variab les. Discriminant 
projection 1 (DP1) shows strong (absolute value >0.5) negative structure coefficient with 
576levelled titanite and epidote -group values, and moderate (0.3 to 0.5) positive structure 
coefficient values for muscovite, rutile, carbonate, arseno pyrite and quartz. Hence DP1, 
which accounts for greater than 60 percent of variability between groups, is a proxy for 
discriminating at least the main two broad alteration domains. The difference between stage 1 
(ttn-ep) and stage 2 (ru- cc-mus-ab), which may in part reflect an increase in the fugacity of 
CO2 (Fig. 39). 
   
 
577Figure 39: Discrimination projection analysis used to distinguish the key alteration domains based on 
the mineralogy. These groups largely reflect both changes in fluid chemistry as well the alteration 
paragenesis. Stage 1 alteration is considered CO2 -poor, and hence titanite and epidote bearing. Stage 
2A is acidic and quartz, rutile and muscovite bearing. Stage 2B alteration, the key alteration associated 
with mineralization, is carbonate -bearing, rutile -bearing, muscovite -poor and relatively enriched in 
albite. These zones are shown on an E -W cross -section 10425  through the We st Lode  shown in Fig. 7.  
578 
Figure 40: East -West cross section 10425 that truncates the West Lode with key alterati on domains as 
defined in Fig. 39 . Drill strings in “A” show gold grades and rock types in “B”. Note that Stage 2B 
defined albite -carbonate -rutile domains correspond well with gold grades.  
579 
Figure 41: Discrimination projection analysis used to distinguish the key alteration domains based on 
the mineralogy. These groups largely reflect both changes in fluid chemistry as well the alteration 
paragenesis. Stage 1 alteration is considered CO2 -poor, and hence titanite and epidote bearing. Stage 
2A is acidic and quart z, rutile and muscovite bearing. Stage 2B alteration, the key alteration associated 
with mineralization, is carbonate -bearing, rutile -bearing, muscovite -poor and relatively enriched in 
albite . B-C Maps showing the distribution of the key alteration domains . 
 
 
580 
Figure 42: A. Albite -muscovite discrimination plot used to help define the different alteration domains 
as shown in Fig. 39. B. Quartz versus gold grade binary plot. Note that many of the gold -rich samples 
contain assemblages of Stage 2B albite -carbonate -rutile as defined in Fig. 38. These gold bearing 
samples from the Stage 2B albite -carbonate -rutile domains are commonly quartz poor, consistent with 
the dissolution of quartz during mineralization. C. RC sample from the east off the ‘Gap’ mineral zone 
showing Stage 2B albite -calcite -chlorite -pyrite alteration (WURD0006).  
 
Footprints related to Stage 2 alteration are significantly broader than the 
mineralization ( Figs. 39, 40 and 41). One example of this is on East-West Section 10425, 
which intersects the  West Lode, as well as mineralized NW -structures (see above). Section 
10425 shows notable spatially broad stage 2 alteration zones which intersects mafic, felsic 
and ultramafic rock types; however many of these Group 2 zones are not mineralized. This 
581poses a question as to why some stage 2 alteration zones are mineralized, whereas others are 
barren or poorly mineralized. The answer to this question may lay within finding evidence of 
other more subtle chemical gradients within the main stage 2 alteration domains, which 
reflect broad variations in fluid chemistry, such as relative acid and alkaline domains. In 
particular it has been noted that Stage 2A alteration is muscovite- bearing, whereas Stage 2B 
is albite bearing. The shift from Stage 2A to Stage 2B may reflect acid to neutral -alkaline 
conditions. As mentioned above albite:muscovite ratio could be used to generate proxies for 
mineralization, and used to help differentiate areas dominated by Stage 2A alteration from 
those dominated by Stage 2B alteration ( Figs. 39 and 42).  
 Cross-section 10425 shows that Stage 2B alteration assemblages or pH neutral-
alkaline conditions are dominate around areas where there is mineralization. The Stage 2A 
acidic alteration assemblages that are commonly associated with low al bite:muscovite ratios 
are much broader and appear to be associated with areas where mineralization is more variable and spatially not a great predictor of grade and mineral. In contrast, Cross -section 
10425 and scatter plots of Au grades versus quartz appe ars to show that mineralization is 
spatially associated with Stage 2B alteration assemblages, and appear more consistently 
developed in Stage 2B alteration rocks that are relatively quartz -poor (Fig. 42B; i.e. <25 
modal % quartz). This relationship can be used to map proxies for Stage 2B alteration (or pH neutral-alkaline) at the camp -scale.  
 We generated a camp -scale map for the Wiluna Camp that mapped stage 1 and 2 
alteration domains as well as the more prospective Stage 2B alteration domains. The camp -
scale map shows that Stage 2B alteration domains are predicted to occur around all of the known mineral zones previous documented by Hagemann and Luder (2003). There are some 
notable exceptions. The areas to the east off the ‘Gap’ mineral zone also contains some 
important Stage 2B altered zones. For example Stage 2B albite- calcite-chlorite-pyrite 
alteration is well developed in parts of drill hole WURD0006 ( Figs. 41 and 42). This 
demonstrates the importance of mineral mapping on the chip, particularly in are as away from 
where the known mineral occurrences have been identified.  
 
 
 
582Low temperature mineral assemblages from the Wiluna Camp  
 
The current study has demonstrated clear zones that can be used to identify key areas 
within the Wiluna Camp, which are consi dered, for the most part a low temperature camp. 
The camp differs in mineral zonation patterns when compared with higher temperature 
systems such as Kundana, St Ives and Yamarna. Notable differences are the absence (or lack) 
of andesine, ilmenite, pyrrhotite, biotite and amphibole at Wiluna, which are common 
components of the higher temperature systems in very similar rock types . The presence of 
stibnite also appears to reflect a unique characteristic of the low temperature Wiluna Camp. Although antimony be aring minerals (e.g., ullmannite) occur at higher temperature camps, 
stibnite appears to be rare. As such many of the discriminator mineral plots for the Wiluna Camp differ from those of their higher temperature counterpart. This study has demonstrated 
the key mineral assemblages to map when looking for key chemical gradients in lower 
temperature gold camps. In particular we offer a method for broadly differentiating more 
Stage 2A acidic assemblages from what appears to be more prospective Stage 2B alterati on 
assemblages.  
Acknowledgement s 
 
We thank Blackham Resources, Aus Industries, Mineral Research Institute of Western 
Australia and industry sponsors of the M494 project. This project would not be possible 
without their support. Special thanks to the many people from Blackham Resources who help 
to facilitate and support this research at a number of levels. We thank Bruce Kendall, Cain 
Fogarty, Keith Fogarty and Andrew Doepel and many other people who supported us. At 
CSIRO we thank Malcolm Garrett, Derek Win chester, Cheryl Harris and Shannon Earnshaw 
for technical and administrative support.     
 
 
 
 
583References  
 
Barnes, S. J., Van Kranendonk, M. J., and  Sonntag, I., 2012, Geochemistry and tectonic 
setting of basalts from the Eastern Goldfields Superterrane: A ustralian Journal of 
Earth Sciences, v. 59, p. 707-735. 
 
Cameron, E. M., and Hattori, K., 1987, Archean Gold Mineralization and Oxidized 
Hydrothermal Fluids: Economic Geology, v. 82, p. 1177-1191. 
 
Clark, M. E., Carmicheal, D. M., Hodgson, C. J., and Fu, M., 1989, Wall- rock alteration, 
Victory Gold Mine, Kambalda, Western Australia: Processes and P -T-X(CO2) 
conditions of metasomatism, in Keays, R. R., Ramsay, W. R. H., and Groves, D. I., 
eds., The geology of gold deposits: The perspective in 1988, Economic Geology 
Monograph 6, Society of Economic Geology, p. 445-456. 
 
Goldfarb, R. J., Baker, T., Dube, B., Groves, D. I., Hart, C. J. R., and Gosselin, P., 2005, 
Distribution, character and genesis of gold deposits in metamorphic terranes: 
Economic Geology, v. 100th Anniversary Volume, p. 407-450. 
 
Hagemann, S and Luders, V., 2003, P-T-X conditions of hydrothermal fluids and 
precipitation mechanism of stibnite -gold mineralization at the Wiluna lode -gold 
deposits, Western Australia: conventional and infrared microthermometric 
constraints; Mineralium Deposita v. 38, p. 936-952. 
 
Hagemann, S.G., Groves, D. G., Ridley, J.R., Vearncombe, J. R., 1992, The Archean lode 
gold deposits at Wiluna, Western Australia; high -level brittle -style mineralization in a 
strike-slip regime. Economic Geology; 87 (4): 1022–1053. 
 
584Harlov, D.; P. Tropper; W. Seifert; T. Nijland; and H.J. Forster., 2006, Formation of Al- rich 
titanite (CaTiSiO4O -CaAlSiO4OH) reaction rims on ilmenite in metamorphic rocks 
as a function of fH2O and fO2. Lithos v. 88, p. 72-84. 
 
Hunt, J. A., and  Kerrick, D. M., 1977, Stability of Sphene - Experimental Redetermination 
and Geologic Implications: Geochimica Et Cosmochimica Acta, v. 41, p. 279- &. 
 
Kendrick, M. A., Honda, M., Walshe, J., and  Petersen, K., 2011, Fluid sources and the role 
of abiogenic-CH4 in Archean gold mineralization: Constraints from noble gases and 
halogens: Precambrian Research, v. 189, p. 313-327. 
 
Mikucki, E.J., and Ridley, J.R., 1993, The hydrothermal fluid of Archean lode-gold deposits 
at different metamorphic grades - compositional constraints from ore and wallrock 
alteration assemblages: Mineralium Deposita, v. 28, p. 469-481. 
 Neumayr, P., Walshe, J., Hagemann, S., Petersen, K., Roache, A., Frikken, P., Horn, L., and  
Halley, S., 2008, Oxidized and reduced mineral assemblages in greenstone belt rocks 
of the St. Ives gold camp, Western Australia: Vectors to high -grade ore bodies in 
Archaean gold deposits?: Mineralium Deposita, v. 43, p. 363-371. 
 
Phillips, G. N., and  Evans, K. A., 2004, Role of CO2 in the formation of gold deposits: 
Nature, v. 429, p. 860-863. 
 
Walshe, J. L., Bath, A. B., Cloutier, J., and  Hough, R. M., 2014, High grade Au deposits: 
processes to prediction, Report 145, Geological Survey of Western Australia, p. 183. 
 
Witt, W. K., Knight, J. T., and  Mikucki, E. J., 1997, A synmetamorphic lateral fluid flow 
model for gold mineralization in the Archean southern Kalgoorlie and Norseman 
585terranes, Western Australia: Economic Geology and the Bulletin of the Society of 
Economic Geologists, v. 92, p. 407-437. 
  
586 
List of Figures  
 
Figure 1: Geological map of the Wiluna Camp showing open pit boundaries (Hagemann and Luder, 2003), and 
hen the location of main mineralized zones (map ‘A’ after Hagemann and Luders, 2003 and map ‘B’ 
provided by Bla ckham Resources). Coloured dot represent results of lithogeochemistry classification on 
samples from pXRF analysis as shown in Fig. 2.  ........................................................................................... 10 
Figure 2: Zr -Cr-Ti ternary plot showing results from pXRF analysis on rocks from the Wiluna Camp . ................. 12 
Figure 3: Downhole profile of WURD0038. Approximately the top 165m of the hole is drilled with RC and 
bottom section with diamond. Images of the latter are shown. The location of this drill hole is on the East 
Lode and drill towards the west as shown in Figs. 5 and 10. ........................................................................ 13 
Figure 4: Geological maps and cross section through the Wiluna deposit. Rock type codes are the same for all 
figures – note  the Afg unit is a different colour for the deposit scale map versus the detailed geological 
map for the 1300RL. Geological map and sections provided by Blackham Resources.  ............................... 16 
Figure 5:  Geological maps highlighting location of drill holes logged and discussed in the report. Location of 
inset b shown in (a). ...................................................................................................................................... 17 
Figure 6: Existing geological map for the 1300RL with gold grade (a) and rock types constrained by pXRF data. 
Note that some new additional felsic to intermediate units were mapped – the red arrow highlights an 
area felsic units were identified in the pXRF that corr elate with Afg units already mapped.  ...................... 18 
Figure 7: Section 10425 with gold grades (a) and rock types defined from pXRF data (b). O range arrows 
highlight zones of gold grade within felsic to intermediate units. Section located on Fig. 6.  ...................... 19 
Figure 8: Struct ural relationships through the Graphite Shear/ West Lode.  ........................................................ 21 
Figure 9: Breccias within the Graphite Shear/ West Lode.  ................................................................................... 22 
Figure 10: Section highlighting the diamond hole assessed intersecting the East Lode Fault. Orange arrow 
highlights the felsic units in the  footwall of the fault. Section located on Fig. 6. ......................................... 23 
Figure 11: Structural relationships within the East Lode Fault. Drill hole located on Figure 5. ............................ 24 
Figure 12: NW -trending structure intersected by drill hole WUDD0002. Hole located on Fig. 5.  ........................ 25 
Figure 13: High grade NW -trending vein within WUDD 0002. Drill hole located on Fig. 5.  ................................. 26 
Figure 14:  Vein style on either side of the high grade NW -trending vein in WUDD0002. Drill hole located on Fig. 
5. ................................................................................................................................................................... 27 
Figure 15: Example of higher grade quartz vein arrays. Drill hole located on Fig. 5.  ........................................... 28 
Figure 16: Example of low grade quartz vein arrays within felsic units. Section located on Fig. 6.  ..................... 29 
Figure 17: Example of low grade quartz vein arrays within Felsic units. Section located on Fig. 6.  ..................... 30 
Figure 18: Structural dat a. See text for discussion.  .............................................................................................. 31 
Figure 19: Overprinting relationships - examples from drill core. Drill holes located on Fig. 5.  .......................... 33 
Figure 20: Over printing relationships between quartz and stibnite veins. Drill hole located on Fig. 5. .............. 33 
Figure 21: Quartz vein kinematics. Drill holes located on Fig. 5. .......................................................................... 34 
Figure 22:  Kinematic model for vein formation. ................................................................................................... 35 
Figure 23:  Early structural evolution linked to E -W shortening.  ........................................................................... 36 
Figure 24: Main stage gold event linked to strike -slip deformation. See text for discussion.  .............................. 39 
Figure 25:  South plunging ore shoots controlled by oblique NW -trending stratigraphy. Note that the blac k 
arrow highlights the location of the NW -trending veins in WUDD0002. These veins are plotted as orange 
disks in the figure.  ......................................................................................................................................... 40 
Figure 26: Multi -detector Tescan SEM used for automated mineral mapping using Tescan Integrated Mineral 
Analyzer (TIMA) software.  ............................................................................................................................ 42 
Figure 27: A. Quantified mineral values of major minerals from various samples from the current study. TIMA 
(vol. %) are plotted against XRD (mass %) values for comparison. B. Results for mineral analysis for 
duplicate samples (sample A and B) run by the  TIMA. Values for over 100 minerals are reported in volume 
percent.  ........................................................................................................................................................ 44 
587Figure 28: Paragenetic diagram for the Wiluna camp. The par agenesis is largely based on alteration events 
around the West and East Lodes. Areas shaded orange are inferred to be related to the main gold 
mineralization event; although free -gold was not identified during the current study.  .............................. 46 
Figure 29: TIMA phase maps and corresponding images of diamond core showing mineralogy and textural 
relationships of stage 1 alteration assemblages. A. Stage 1A (calcic) calcic -amphibole – quartz – albite – K-
feldspar - calcite – apatite – titanite overprinted by Stage 1B (sodic) albite -calcite -chlorite -
epidote/clinozoisite –leucoxene in dolerite from the West Lode area. Square white box shows calcic -
amphi bole appearing to pseudomorph a pre -existing cubic phase. B. Altered basalt from the northern 
area of the Wiluna Camp. Basalt contains radiating needle -like crystals of calcic -amphibole with albite +/ - 
K-feldspar and titanite. These textures appear consist ent with devitrification textures, and sodic alteration 
may be related to Stage 1B alteration. The lighter beige areas of the diamond core reflect areas that are abundant in calcic -amphibole (likely dominated by tremolite) and albite. Darker green areas ar e chlorite -
rich with calcic -amphibole. C. Stage 1B albite -calcic- amphibole altered basalt that is cross -cut by Stage 2B 
albite -calcite vein with fine disseminated pyrite -arsenopyrite in adjacent wall rock.  ................................. 48
 
Figure 30: TIMA phase maps and corresponding images of diamond core showing mineralogy and textural 
relationships of stage 2 alteration assemblages. A. Stage 2A muscovite that overprints Stage 1B chlorite in dolerites from the West Lode. The dolerite is dominated by Stage 1B albite -chlorite -titanite -rutile 
(leucoxene) alteration and cross -cut by Stage 2A quartz -muscovite vein. Stage 1B and 2A alteration 
assemblages are overprinted Stage 2B calcite veins and associated albite -pyrite alteration. B. Altered 
granitoid from the East Lode. Stage 2A muscovite partially replaces Stage 1 albite, and occurs with quartz, arsenopyrite, pyrite, rutile, calcite and dolomite in altered granitoid s. C. Altered granitoid from the East 
Lode showing Stage 2A muscovite alteration overprinted by Stage 2B chlorite -albite -rutile alteration.  .... 50
 
Figure 31: TIMA phase maps and corresponding images of diamond core showing mineralogy and textural 
relationships of stage 2 and 3 alteration assemblages. A. Altered granitoid from ea st of the West Lode 
showing Stage 2A muscovite -albite -dolomite -pyrite -arsenopyrite alteration cross -cut by Stage 2B quartz 
veins with albite -calcite altered selvages. Stage 2B veins also contain anhydrite. B. Altered granitoid east 
of the West Lode that co ntains Stage 2A muscovite -albite -pyrite alteration that is cross -cut by Stage 2C 
quartz -calcite -stibnite veins. C. Altered basalt to the south of the West Lode that contain Stage 1A calcic -
amphibole that is cross -cut by Stage 2B albite -pyrite -arsenopyite -calcite alteration.  ................................ 52 
Figure 32:  A. Ti element map of an aggregate of Stage 1A Ti -bearing mineral phases (commonly referred to as  
‘leucoxene’ in the field) as shown in ‘B’. Mineral aggregate shows exsolution like textures, which could reflect pre- existing primary textures. B. The aggregate of Ti -phases consists of titanite -rutile and what 
appears to be calcic -amphibole that contains  abundant Ti (i.e. ~4 volume % Ti).  ....................................... 53
 
Figure 33:  A. Zr- Cr-Ti ternary plot showing results from pXRF analysis on rocks from the Wiluna Camp. B. Zr -Cr-
Ti ternary plot showing results from TIMA mineral mapping of rutile. Colours reflect the relative changes 
in concentration of modal abundance of rutile. C. Results of levelling of rutile shows that samples with 
anomalous rutile values ( i.e. >0.37) are relatively evenly distributed across the rock classification ternary 
plot, and particularly there is a greater representation of anomalous rutile values for Cr -rich mafic and 
ultramafic rocks compared with the unlevelled data (as shown in B). In contrast intermediate and felsic rocks as well as Cr -poor mafic rocks are relatively enriched in rutile compared to their Cr -richer ultramafic 
and mafic counterparts; however the levelling acts to reduce the bias.  ..................................................... 55
 
Figure 34: A series of downhole profiles from drill hole WURD0038 that show the results of mineral mapping of 
rutile and titanite across a number of different rock  types in reference to gold grades. The location of this 
drill hole is on the East Lode and drill towards the west as shown in Fig. 5. Results are also shown on the effects of levelling the data. Note that levelled rutile values are relatively consistent from low- Cr Mafic 
rocks across to Felsic rocks in the low half of the drill hole. Note that Low -Cr mafic at the bottom of the 
drill hole shows significantly different levelled and unlevelled rutile and titanite values compared chemically equivalent Low -Cr M afic rocks and  at the top of the hole, reflecting mineralogical changes due 
to alteration. These mineralogical changes can be used to identify zones based on a levelled rutile versus titanite plot. Note there is good agreement with the presence of levelled rutile domains (red) and zones of gold mineralization.  .................................................................................................................................. 56
 
588Figure 35: Samples with levelled rutile values of greater than 0.1 are coloured red. These values are shown on 
a map of the Wiluna Camp in reference to gold grades (samples shown that contain greater than 0.5 ppm 
Au). There is good agreement with the occurrence of le velled rutile (>0.1), structures and gold 
mineralization.  .............................................................................................................................................. 58 
Figure 36: A. Levelled clinozoisite -epidote group versus carbonate scatter plot used to distinguish carbonate -
rich assemblages from those that relatively enriched in clinozoisite -epidote. The latter commonly occurs 
with titanite -bearing assemblages, reflecting metasomatism by relatively CO2 -poor fluids. B. Dolomite -
bearing samples are distinguished from calcite -bearing samples. C. Map showing the distribution of 
calcite and dolomite -rich samples. Calcite is quite widespread, whereas dolomite -bearing samples appear 
more localized around the major gold -bearing shear zones. D. Map showing distribution of clinozoisite -
epidote, which are commonly associated with Stage 1B alteration. These zones occur peripheral to the main shear zones.  ......................................................................................................................................... 60
 
Figure 37:  A-B. Downhole profile of magnetite, pyrite and arsenopyrite bearing domains with reference to gold 
mineralization for bore hole WURD0038 ( see Figs. 5 and 10 for location). Bore hole was drilled across the 
East Lo de and towards the west. C. Ternary magenite -pyrite -arsenopyrite plot used to identify 1) 
magnetite>pyrite; 2) pyrite>magnetite; 3) pyrite; 4) pyrite>>arsenopyrite and 5) pyrite -arsenopyrite 
domains.  ....................................................................................................................................................... 62 
Figure 38: A. Ternary magnetite- pyrite -arsenopyrite plot used to identify 1) magnetite>pyrite; 2) 
pyrite>magnetite; 3) pyrite; 4) pyrite>>arsenopyrite and 5) pyrite -arsenopyrite domai ns as shown in B -D. 
B-D Maps showing the distribution of 1) magnetite>pyrite; 2) pyrite>magnetite; 3) pyrite; 4) 
pyrite>>arsenopyrite and 5) pyrite -arsenopyrite domains. Pyrite and magnetite -bearing domains are 
relatively broad and unconstrained.  ............................................................................................................. 63 
Figure 39: Discrimination projection analysis used to distinguish the key alteration domains based on the 
mineralogy. These groups larg ely reflect both changes in fluid chemistry as well the alteration 
paragenesis. Stage 1 alteration is considered CO2 -poor, and hence titanite and epidote bearing. Stage 2A 
is acidic and quartz, rutile and muscovite bearing. Stage 2B alteration, the key alt eration associated with 
mineralization, is carbonate -bearing, rutile -bearing, muscovite -poor and relatively enriched in albite. 
These zones are shown on an E -W cross -section 10425 through the West Lode shown in Fig. 7.  .............. 66 
Figure 40:  East -West cross section 10425 that truncates the West Lode with key alteration domains as defined 
in Fig. 39. Drill strings in “A” show gold gra des and rock types in “B”. Note that Stage 2B defined albite -
carbonate -rutile domains correspond well with gold grades.  ...................................................................... 67 
Figure 41:  Discrimination projection analysis used to distinguish the key alteration domains based on the 
mineralogy. These groups largely reflect both changes in fluid chemistry as well the alteration paragenesis. Stage 1 alteration is considered CO2 -poor, and h ence titanite and epidote bearing. Stage 2A 
is acidic and quartz, rutile and muscovite bearing. Stage 2B alteration, the key alteration associated with 
mineralization, is carbonate -bearing, rutile -bearing, muscovite -poor and relatively enriched in albite. B- C 
Maps showing the distribution of the key alteration domains.  ................................................................... 68
 
Figure 42: A. Albite -muscovite discrimination plot used to he lp define the different alteration domains as 
shown in Fig. 39. B. Quartz versus gold grade binary plot. Note that many of the gold- rich samples contain 
assemblages of Stage 2B albite- carbonate -rutile as defined in Fig. 38. These gold bearing samples from 
the Stage 2B albite -carbonate -rutile domains are commonly quartz poor, consistent with the dissolution 
of quartz during mineralization. C. RC sample from the east off the ‘Gap’ mineral zone showing Stage 2B 
albite -calcite -chlorite -pyrite alteration (WURD0006).  ................................................................................. 69 
 
589