 
1 
  
 
REPORT NO. 448 
 
4D Evolution of WA Ore Systems:  
Rutile – Pathfinder to Ores 
 
Results of research carried out as MRIWA Project M0448 
 
at the John de Laeter Centre, Curtin University 
 
by 
 
Neal McNaughton, Brent McInnes, Noreen Evans, Fred Jourdan, Cristina Talavera, and 
Jennifer Porter 
 
December 2020 
 
Distributed by: MRIWA 
Mineral House 
100 Plain Street 
Perth WA 6000 
to which all enquiries should be addressed 
 
© Crown Copyright reserved
 
2 
 Report outline 
Section Title Page 
1 Executive Summary 3 
2 Introduction 4 
3 Sample processing flow chart 4 
4 Identifying the geochemical fingerprint of ore-related rutile 5 
5 Projects: 11 
 Project 1: 4D gold deposit geochronology: Big Bell, Boddington 11 
 Project 2: WA gold deposits 13 
 Project 3: Tropicana revisited 14 
 Project 4: Detrital rutiles in WA Basins: assessing gold prospectivity 15 
 Project 5: Rutile “fingerprints”: surviving later alteration/metamorphism 19 
 Project 6: Field testing in Yilgarn: detrital rutile in surficial sediments 24 
 Project 7: Rutile in VHMS ores 25 
6 Project summary 27 
7 Recommendations 27 
8 Acknowledgements 28 
9 References 29 
Appendix  PhD thesis by Jennifer Porter 31 
  
3 
 1. Executive Summary 
Rutile (TiO 2) is a physically and chemically robust heavy mineral which inherits a geochemical 
“fingerprint” during formation that may unambiguously characterise its formation environment, 
in particular with respect to origin in a mineralised vs barren host rock. This project utilises the 
combination of these features to assess the viability of using detrital rutile as a new tool for 
mineral exploration, focussing on gold and base metals.  
Through a PhD project funded by this project (see Appendix), we have established and fine-
tuned sample processing protocols to extract rutile grains from rocks, unconsolidated 
sediments and polished thin sections, identify rutile from other TiO 2 polymorphs using EBSD-
SEM techniques, and perform in-situ chemical and isotopic analyses on rutile using LA-ICP-
MS and SHRIMP methods. The in-situ analytical techniques include establishing glass and 
natural rutile standards to produce optimal geochemical data.  
A geochemical database of rutile analyses from known formation environments has been 
established and interrogated. The trace element “fingerprint” of rutile formed in Kalgoorlie-Big 
Bell-type orogenic gold ore systems may be unambiguously distinguished from the chemical 
signature of other gold systems and all other rutile-forming environments. Further, this 
chemical signature appears to survive regolith formation and later overprinting events, except 
for extreme metasomatism, and is preserved in detrital grains derived from weathering-
erosion, transport, deposition and diagenesis. As such, use of detrital rutile in gold exploration 
may be comparable to diamond indicator minerals for diamond exploration, with similar 
transport scales from their source (i.e. >100 km).  
Published literature suggests that rutile from base metal ores may be similarly endowed with 
a distinctive geochemical fingerprint. However, study of a limited number of Western 
Australian examples suggests the validity of this or other geochemical fingerprints unique to 
base metal ores has yet to be confirmed.   
4 
 2.  Introduction 
Indicator mineral geochemistry is widely used in exploration for some commodities, notably 
diamonds. Applications of indicator mineral geochemistry for metals exploration are being 
developed (e.g. Mao et al., 2016), and rutile has shown some initial promise in this area (e.g. 
Clark and Williams-Jones, 2004; Meinhold, 2010) which has not been significantly advanced. 
Rutile has many favourable attributes in its physical and chemical robustness to geological 
processes (e.g. alteration, weathering, transport, deposition, diagenesis), its development of 
a distinctive trace element geochemical “signature” reflective of its formation environment, its 
ability to preserve this geochemical signature through secondary events, and its ability to 
provide both geochronology and geothermometry data in some cases. Accordingly, a research 
project was constructed and funded in 2014 with support from industry, government and the 
Minerals Research Institute of Western Australia (MRIWA).  
The research objectives of this work were to:  
1. Utilise publicly available geochemical data on rutile grains formed in different ore and un-
mineralised environments to build a geochemical database, and to add new geochemical 
data for rutile from Western Australia (WA) ore systems and barren rocks. From this 
database, existing geochemical discriminants of mineralisation will be tested, and by 
virtue of the enhanced capabilities of the modern analytical techniques to be employed, 
new discriminants will be developed for each ore commodity that will shed light on the 
origin of formation of rutile. The project will produce new rutile geochemical data for WA 
ore systems and compare these new data with and contrast it against published data.  
2. Undertake rutile U/Pb geochronology of studied ore systems, together with pilot studies 
to independently determine the mineralisation age of each system. The latter will use 
other relevant and proven minerals/techniques (e.g. 39Ar-40Ar in ore-related sericite; U/Pb 
on other ore-associated minerals), to determine an accurate and precise ore-formation 
age for each ore system.  
3. Research and development (R&D), in parallel with the PhD study and geochronology 
program, to explore and refine technical advances such as (a) automated searching and 
characterisation of rutile grains in polished sections and heavy mineral concentrates by 
TIMA scanning electron microscope; (b) liberation protocols of rutile from rocks using 
selFrag rock fragmentation technology; (c) development of laser ablation inductively 
coupled plasma mass spectrometry (LA-ICP-MS) analytical techniques and mineral 
standards to obtain optimum analytical precision and accuracy for quantitative analysis of 
rutile grains, and (d) further develop SHRIMP procedures for rutile U/Pb geochronology, 
including searching for and characterising new isotopic standards.  
4. Combine geochemical fingerprinting and age data from individual rutile grains to assist 
4D metallogenic reconstructions at the deposit at terrane scales.  
5. To test the exploration potential of combining the improved geochemical fingerprinting 
approaches developed with the age of rutiles from: (i) areas with known mineralisation 
(e.g. Tropicana); and (ii) areas known, or suspected to be, barren of mineralisation. 
6. Develop sample processing protocols to determine the quickest and most cost-effective 
procedures to process rock samples to liberate rutile grains, and apply detrital rutile 
geochemistry/geochronology to aid metals exploration.  
 
The outcomes in respect of the main objectives are given in the Appendix to this report, the 
PhD thesis by Jennifer Porter. Highlights and other project aspects not included in the PhD 
thesis are described below.  
 
3. Sample processing flow chart 
A schematic diagram of the optimum sample processing method developed is shown in Figure 
1. Rutile grains can either be physically separated from their host rock using crushing/rock  
5 
 disaggregation and heavy mineral (HM) separation, or by drilling selected grains from polished 
thin sections.  
In-situ analyses were undertaken first by SHRIMP (sensitive high resolution ion microprobe) 
and then by quadrupole Laser Induction-Coupled Plasma Mass Spectrometry (LA-ICP-MS). 
The sequence of SHRIMP analysis followed by LA-ICP-MS was chosen because the sputtered 
pit created by SHRIMP analysis is smaller than the LA-ICP-MS ablation pit, and small grains 
were often essentially destroyed during LA-ICP-MS analysis. For larger grains, the order of 
analysis is less important and was often reversed. In some cases the U contents of the rutile 
grains were too low to acquire meaningful SHRIMP ages, so SHRIMP was not used or used 
sparingly.  
 
 
Figure 1:  Sample processing workflow. 
 
Once heavy mineral grains were separated and mounted in a polished 25 mm diameter epoxy 
mount, TiO 2 grains are identified by SEM (scanning electron microscope) using the Tescan 
TIMA (https://www.tescan.com/en-us/technology/special-solutions/tima-x), and rutile 
distinguished from the polymorphs anatase and brookite using EBSD (electron backscattered 
diffraction) on a Tescan MIRA SEM (https://www.tescan.com/en-us/technology/sem/mira3).  
New procedures were developed to improve the in-situ analytical methods applied. For both 
SHRIMP and LA-ICP-MS, a new natural, single crystal rutile standard (Wodgina) was 
assessed and adopted. LA-ICP-MS chemical data are referenced to both glass and two 
natural mineral standards. For SHRIMP, a new procedure was developed which used an O- 
primary ion beam instead of O 2-. The latter is typically used for the dating of zircons and other 
minerals for U/Pb geochronology. The technical details of these methods are described in the 
Appendix.  
  
4. Identifying the geochemical fingerprint of ore-related rutile 
Background:  We collected a suite of ore samples from many of WA’s orogenic gold deposits, 
two Cu-Au deposits and two base metal deposits, and analysed the trace element 
compositions in rutile present. These data are compared to published chemical discrimination 
diagrams (Figs 2 & 3) for gold and base metal deposits, respectively. 
 
6 
  
Figure 2:  Rutile trace element discrimination diagram for mesothermal gold deposits. Source: Clark & Williams-
Jones, 2004; Meinhold, 2010. 
 
 
Figure 3:  Rutile trace element discrimination diagram for Canadian and other volcanic-hosted massive sulphide 
(VHMS) deposits. Source: Clark & Williams-Jones, 2004. 
 
Figures 2 and 3 utilise trace elements Fe, Cr, V, W and Sn in ternary plots. Our aim was to 
analyse rutile from ~20-30 orogenic gold deposits in WA, together with rutile from available 
Cu-Au and base metal deposits to assess the veracity of these discrimination diagrams and 
to identify other discriminants, if possible. Most rutile is formed by metamorphic processes 
(Meinhold, 2010), so we also sought to compare the compositions of metamorphic and 
igneous rutiles from barren rocks with ore-related rutiles.  
Overall, 164 samples were analysed for 35 trace elements and isotopes producing a database 
of ~206,000 analyses. This database is presented in the form of the PhD thesis of Jennifer 
Porter: see Appendix. Although the initial aim of this project was to develop simple x-y or 
triangular geochemical plots to discriminate rutiles from different origins, as discussed below, 
the geochemical complexity encountered led to the adoption of a more statistical approach 
involving Principal Component Analysis: see Porter et al. (2020).  
 
7 
 Rutile geochemistry applications:  Several key applications assist in the interpretation of the 
geochemical fingerprints captured by rutile when it forms. These are: 
1) The Nb/Cr ratio of rutile has been utilised to differentiate between mafic host rock 
compositions, which tyically have Nb/Cr<1.0, and felsic-pelitic host rocks with 
Nb/Cr>1.0 (Zack et al., 2002; 2004; Triebold et al., 2012). However, there are some 
published examples where this discriminant is unreliable due to differential Nb-Cr 
substitution into other phases (e.g. Zack and Kooijman, 2017). Most of our studies 
described herein support this view. However, during extreme metasomatism this 
relationship appears to break down. Hence, for detrital grains of unknown origin, we 
use this criterion with caution.  
2) In the presence of quartz and zircon, Zr partitioning into rutile is temperature dependent 
and slightly pressure dependent (Zack et al., 2004; Watson et al., 2006; Tomkins et 
al., 2007). Herein we use Zr-in-rutile geothermometry (ZiRGy) of Tomkins et al. (2007) 
in the interpretation of rutile formation conditions.  
3) Interpreting U/Pb geochronology of rutile depends on the blocking temperature for Pb-
diffusion from the rutile crystal structure, which also depends on effective grain size 
and cooling rate. Previous studies have not reached a consensus on this temperature 
and it has variously been determined to be high (i.e. 630-600oC (Cherniak, 2000; Vry 
and Baker, 2006) and as low as ~400oC (Mezger et al., 1989).  The latter has now 
largely been discredited but temperatures as low as 490oC remain possible with fine 
grains and slow cooling: i.e. optimum conditions for diffusional Pb-loss (Kooijman et 
al., 2010).  
 
General geochemical discussion: binary and ternary geochemical plots 
Orogenic gold deposits:  Unless otherwise indicated, ternary plots in the following figures 
have the same parameter at the top (Ti) and lower left (100*(Fe+Cr+V)), and the element 
indicated (*1,000) at the lower right apex, similar to Figures 2 and 3. Different colours 
represent different samples. Figures 4, 5 and 6 shows key elements W, Sb and Sn for  WA 
orogenic gold deposits, Cu-Au ores (Boddington and Telfer) and VHMS ores (Nimbus and 
Bentley), respectively.   
 
Figure 4:  Rutile from orogenic gold deposits: ternary plots (as Fig. 2) with the element indicated (*1,000) as the 
lower left apex. For reference, the blue and green symbols are for Big Bell and Tropicana, respectively. Different 
colours represent different samples. 
 
 
8 
  
Figure 5:  Rutile from Cu-Au ores (Boddington and Telfer): ternary plots (as Fig. 2) with the element indicated 
(*1,000) as the lower left apex. Different colours represent different samples. 
 
 
Figure 6:  Rutile from VHMS ores (Nimbus and Bentley): ternary plots (as Fig. 2 and 3) with the element indicated 
(*1,000) as the lower left apex. Different colours represent different samples. 
 
All three ore types plotted in Figures 4-6 display W-trends that mirror Fig. 2 to a certain extent. 
Cu-Au ores are distinct from the others in their lack of Sb (Fig. 5), whereas VHMS ores 
generally tend to have higher Sn values than gold ores (compare Figs 4, 6). The Sb contents 
in rutile from Bentley are generally low, although one sample has higher Sb contents, similar 
to those observed in some gold deposits.  
Similar plots for rutile from pegmatites (Fig. 7) also show high W-contents, but a distinctive 
lack of Sb and generally higher Sn when compared to gold deposits (Fig. 4). Note that clusters 
represent data from single samples, and generally form “bulls-eyes” of data in pegmatites and 
linear trends in gold deposits (compare Figs 4, 7). Pegmatitic rutiles also have the highest Ta-
Nb-contents (not shown). A combination of Sn-Sb-W and high-Nb can reliably identify rutile 
from pegmatites (Fig. 8). Rutile in lamprophyres and carbonatites (not shown) have scattered 
data but are distinctive with high Sc-contents.  
 
Figure 7:  Rutile from pegmatites: ternary plots (as Fig. 2) with the element indicated (*1,000) as the lower left 
apex. Different colours represent different samples. 
 
 
9 
  
 
Figure 8:  Rutile geochemical discrimination diagrams for pegmatites (green), compared to all other data for rutile 
from ores, lamprophyres and carbonatites. Different colours represent different samples. 
 
Overall, the trace element distributions of rutile in gold ores can be broadly distinguished from 
those in all other formation environments, except for a slight overlap with VHMS ores (e.g. 
compare Figs 4 and 6). However, our data for VHMS rutile only represent two deposits 
(Nimbus and Bentley) and do not conform to the published discriminator shown in Fig. 3. 
Further, only one of eight VHMS samples has the high Sb-contents which are typical of some 
orogenic gold deposits, particularly one sample from Tropicana and Big Bell (Fig. 4), the two 
reference deposits for gold deposits discussed in more detail below.  
Igneous and metamorphic rutile:  Rutiles from barren (non-ore-hosting) systems are shown 
in the same ternary diagrams in Figs 9-10 (i.e. W, Sb and Sn variations against Ti and 
(Fe+Cr+V)). It is important to compare rutile compositions from these barren environments to 
the ore environments depicted above.  
 
10 
  
Figure 9:  Geochemical discrimination diagrams for igneous and metamorphic rutile. Different colours represent 
different samples. Red is data from Wodgina. 
 
Although many igneous-metamorphic samples contain high levels of W, the distinguishing 
features of gold-related rutile are their sometimes higher Sb-contents (compare Figs 4, 9) and 
typically lower Sn-Nb (Fig. 8). Further, the linear trend of data towards the W-apex on the W-
plot at intermediate Ti/100*(Fe+Cr+V) ratio (e.g. Fig. 2 and black ellipse bounding the Big Bell 
and Tropicana data in Fig. 10) is not always seen in the igneous-metamorphic data (e.g. 
Wodgina – red dots – in Fig. 10). However, the Ti/100*(Fe+Cr+V) ratio for a linear trend of 
data towards the W-apex on the W-plot is typically controlled by Cr-content, and is probably a 
host rock feature. In summary, gold-related rutile, as a population, is best discriminated from 
igneous-metamorphic rutiles by: (a) high W+/-Sb, (b) a linear trend of data towards the W-
apex on the Ti-100*(Fe+Cr+V)-1000*W plot, and (c) generally much lower Sn and Nb than 
rutile in pegmatites (Fig. 8).  
 
Figure 10:  Geochemical discrimination diagram (for W) for igneous and metamorphic rutile (from Fig. 9), with the 
field for Big Bell and Tropicana (black ellipse) shown for comparison. Different colours represent different 
samples. 
 
Principal Component Analysis 
The above discussion highlights the complexity of rutile geochemistry. Using a Principal 
Component Analysis (PCA) approach, Porter et al. (2020) and Appendix concluded:  
 
11 
 Clustering all rutile chemistries based on PCA of 12 elements, identiﬁed nine chemically 
distinct groups from ore mineralisation, and barren igneous and metamorphic rocks, primarily 
using variation in W and Cr contents. Two groups are solely derived of rutile from Au ores 
(high versus low Sb rutile). Of the remaining seven groups, one group is comprised mainly of 
rutile from pegmatites (high Nb, Ta, Sn), four groups are comprised solely of rutile from barren 
rocks and two groups are a mix of ore and non-ore rutile. Rutile from Au ore, similar to the 
giant Kalgoorlie and Big Bell Au deposits, is distinctive compared to rutile from all other rocks 
and can be distinguished from other ores and barren environments using multi-element 
clustering of PCA analysis. Thus rutile chemistry of detrital rutile grains is a valuable tool in Au 
exploration. 
Readers are referred to the details in this publication (also presented in the Appendix to this 
report).  
 
5. Projects 
Understanding the veracity of rutile geochemical fingerprints for exploration is considered in 
the following seven projects, which each look at different aspects of the robustness and 
preservation of rutile geochemistry and U/Pb geochronology in a number of different 
geological situations and processes. 
Project 1: 4D gold deposit geochronology: Big Bell, Boddington 
Big Bell:  The reason for a comprehensive geochronology study of one deposit was to assess 
rutile U/Pb geochronology against other dating methods. Big Bell is the most “isotopically 
dated” gold deposit in WA. Together with unpublished data from MRIWA project M0446, the 
available age data are compiled in Fig. 11. This includes U/Pb dating of three rutile samples 
and Ar-Ar dating of one muscovite sample undertaken within MRIWA project M0448.   
 
Figure 11:  Compilation of isotopic ages from the Big Bell gold deposit and environs. Data from this study in red. 
 
In addition, geothermometry data for mineral assemblages associated with the Main Lode ore 
body (Mueller and McNaughton, 2017) and Zr-in-Rutile Geothermometry (ZiRGy) are 
compiled in Fig. 12.  
 
12 
  
Figure 12:  Compilation of geothermometry data from the Big Bell gold deposit. The rutile blocking temperature 
for Pb-diffusion is poorly constrained but for the coarse grains encountered are likely to be at the higher end of 
the range shown. 
 
Big Bell has two different ore types characterised by reduced and oxidised mineral 
assemblages (Mueller et al., 1996), with ages of ~2.66 Ga (U/Pb in garnet by TIMS) and ~2.61 
Ga (U/Pb in hydrothermal zircon by SHRIMP, and titanite by TIMS), respectively (Fig. 11).  
The rutile in the Main Lode yielded ZiRGy temperatures compatible with the peak metamorphic 
temperature (Fig. 12). This indicates that the ore-related, high-W (and Sb) rutiles formed at 
temperatures about that for peak metamorphism, in keeping with field and petrographic 
observations. Two independent rutile samples and one muscovite sample from the older 
“reduced” Main Lode gave the younger age of ~2.61 Ga. The blocking temperature for Ar-
diffusion in coarse muscovite is ~400oC and for Pb-diffusion in rutile is variable, but probably 
in the 480-630oC range. Nonetheless, these temperatures are both below the calculated 
mineralisation temperatures for Main Lode mineralisation, and as such these minerals would 
not be expected to accumulate daughter isotopes while at higher temperature and hence not 
register their formation ages. Instead the ages would record the time when these minerals 
cooled below these blocking temperatures, which in this case corresponds to the zircon and 
titanite formation ages for the younger mineralisation event. The implication is that the rutiles 
and muscovite analysed are recording the uplift or cooling age which corresponds to the 
second “oxidised” mineralisation event. Post-ore pegmatites intruded shortly after.  
Boddington:  Rutile in ore samples from Boddington did not have sufficient U to provide 
reliable ages. However, within the sister MRIWA project (M0446) we used zircon to date the 
older diorite, associated with porphyry-style Cu-Au mineralisation, and the younger 
Wourahming Granite, which intrudes adjacent to the Cu-Au ore body. A compilation of 
available age data (Fig. 13) shows the zircon U/Pb diorite age confirms earlier results, whereas 
the younger granite age is slightly older than a published result, probably because the 
published data for zircon had high U-contents and therefore may have become partly metamict 
and lost Pb, yielding a slightly younger age. Zircon from our sample had lower U-contents 
compared to zircon from the same unit published by Allibone et al. (1996), and provided a 
more coherent data set suggesting a more reliable age. Our Re-Os ages on molybdenite 
replicate previous results (Fig. 13), although the latter were only published in abstract form 
(Stein et al., 2001).  
 
13 
  
Figure 13:  Compilation of geochronology data on the Boddington gold deposit. Data from companion MRIWA 
project M0446 in red. 
 
Project 2: WA gold deposits 
To get rutile from representative examples of WA gold deposits, we accessed the extensive 
collection of samples curated at the UWA Geology Museum, mostly from past research 
student projects. We focussed on samples which had been previously analysed for other 
purposes. For example, Figure 14 shows an SEM image of ore from Kanowna Belle (from 
Vielreicher et al., 2015) which was studied to isotopically date REE-phosphates (monazite and 
xenotime). We accessed the same material to analyse rutile.  
 
Figure 14:  SEM-BSE image of gold-ore from Kanowna Belle (Vielreicher et al., 2015). “mon” is monazite and the 
red circle indicates a TiO 2 grain, confirmed to be rutile by EBSD. 
 
 
14 
 The key W-plot for WA gold deposits was presented in Fig. 4 and reproduced below in Fig. 
15. Compared to the published discrimination diagram (Fig. 2), Big Bell and Tropicana show 
a distinctive linear trend to high W values, whereas most other deposits show greater spread, 
with more variable Ti/[100*(Fe+Cr+V)], including many rutile with very high (Fe+Cr+V). All 
samples with gold-related rutile show some anomalously high W, but some analyses have 
little W, even though they were from ore samples. This suggests that high-W may not be 
ubiquitous in gold-related rutile, or some rutile grains in ore samples may have formed prior to 
gold mineralisation and don’t possess the gold fingerprint of high-W. In the eastern Yilgarn, 
where most samples came from, peak metamorphism typically pre-dates gold mineralisation. 
It remains plausible that pre-existing metamorphic rutile were overprinted by later mineralising 
fluids which produced the gold ores, and two generations of rutile resulted, with dissimilar 
trace element signatures. As both generations have low U-contents, we cannot date them and 
hence distinguish them from each other on the basis of age. Interestingly, most, but not all, of 
the rutile analysed which show scatter in Fig. 15 were <50 micron grains, generally smaller 
than the grain shown in Fig. 14. Larger rutile grains (i.e. >100 microns), such as those from 
Big Bell and Tropicana, tended to show more coherent and linear arrays. 
 
Figure 15:  All rutile data from WA gold deposits (from Fig. 4) with the field for Big Bell (blue) and Tropicana 
(green) data indicated. Different colours represent different samples. 
 
As previously noted, the simple ternary plot approach to identifying gold-ore geochemical 
signatures has limitations. The study by Porter et al. (2020 and Appendix) provides a more 
detailed and robust assessment of WA gold deposits.  
 
Project 3: Tropicana revisited 
Doyle et al. (2015) and references therein described the Tropicana ore bodies as associated 
with shear zones at greenschist facies conditions, hosted by granulites. The host granulites 
were dated at ~2.64 Ga by U/Pb in zircon and monazite, whereas rutile with high W was dated 
at ~2.52 Ga. The rutile age was broadly confirmed by other (less precise) chronometers. 
However, in this study we found the same rutile grains that yielded the ~2.52 Ga age had 
ZiRGy temperatures of ~730-790oC, compatible with granulite temperatures (Fig. 16). These 
temperatures are incompatible with gold mineralisation occurring under greenschist facies 
conditions.  
 
15 
  
Figure 16:  All rutile data from Tropicana (pink) and Big Bell (blue) showing their ZiRGy temperatures of 
formation. 
 
Given that all other gold deposits in the eastern Yilgarn are ~2.64 Ga in their mineralisation 
age, and the published mineralisation age for Tropicana at ~2.52 Ga was the only known 
anomaly to this observation, it is now possible that Tropicana also formed at ~2.64 Ga and 
that the ~2.52 Ga event was an overprint, seemingly associated with shearing under 
greenschist facies metamorphic conditions. The rutile geochemistry appears unaffected by 
this overprint, but the U/Pb age reflects the terrane cooling at this time, to below the rutile 
blocking temperature for Pb-diffusion. Hence, the ~2.52 Ga event and shearing may represent 
a remobilisation of pre-existing gold mineralisation and may have either upgraded or 
downgraded the ~2.64 Ga ore body. A more detailed study of the Tropicana ore bodies would 
be required to assess this further.  
Gold mineralisation at granulite facies conditions is rare (Barnicoat et al., 1991; Qiu et al., 
1997; Blenkinsop et al., 2004) with known deposits at Griffin’s Find (Yilgarn) and Renco 
(Limpopo Belt, Zimbabwe). If the findings herein are verified by future work, Tropicana may 
be added to this list of rare orogenic gold deposits formed at high temperature.  
 
Project 4: Detrital rutiles in WA Basins: assessing gold prospectivity 
To assess the rutile geochemical discriminators of gold deposits, we undertook to take 
advantage of data collected as part of a GSWA-Curtin (John de Laeter Centre - JdLC)-
AuScope-ANDS (Australian National Data Service)  project which quantified the mineralogy 
of heavy mineral concentrates from selected samples from the GSWA geochronology 
program. GSWA had collected a number of sedimentary rock samples from across WA and 
undertaken SHRIMP age analyses on detrital zircon to identify sediment source areas and 
assist the ongoing mapping and geological understanding of the State. The JdLC undertook 
TIMA mineral identification of the heavy mineral concentrates of 200 samples, which included 
clastic sediments. These data are available on-line: 
http://portal.auscope.org/portal/gmap.html.  
Based on samples with the highest rutile abundance, which were consistently from 
sandstones, we assessed rutile in 15 samples from three basinal areas for gold prospectivity. 
The W and Sn ternary plots (cf Figs 2, 3), together with the Sb plot used above for other 
formation environments, for rutile from the three areas are shown in Figs 17-19.  
 
16 
  
Figure 17:  All detrital rutile data from sandstones-metasandstones from the Amadeus Basin. Ternary plots (as 
Fig. 2) with the element indicated (*1,000) as the lower right apex. Different colours represent different samples. 
GSWA sample numbers in legend. 
 
 
Figure 18:  All detrital rutile data from sandstones-quartzites from the Officer and Canning Basins. Ternary plots 
(as Fig. 2) with the element indicated (*1,000) as the lower right apex. Different colours represent different 
samples. GSWA sample numbers in legend. 
 
Figure 19:  All detrital rutile data from sandstones-quartzites from the Aileron Province and Murraba Basin, 
Western Australia. Ternary plots (as Fig. 2) with the element indicated (*1,000) as the lower right apex. Different 
colours represent different samples. GSWA sample numbers in legend. 
 
From these data, all areas show some detrital rutile grains with high W-contents. A detailed 
analysis of the rutile data, using the PCA approach documented by Porter et al. (2020), is 
presented as a chapter in the PhD thesis by Porter (see Appendix).  
From the initial data, it was observed that GSWA sample 184341 from the Arunta shows the 
greatest proportion of high-W data, and a linear array similar to gold-related rutile (compare 
Figs 4 and 19). Accordingly, we undertook further work on this sample to better understand its 
 
17 
 geological history and to assess whether these detrital rutile are indicating an ore body in the 
hinterland source of this quartzite.  
 
GSWA sample 184341: Lake Mackay Quartzite 
Sample:  The sample is a deformed and folded quartzite in the north-central part of the Webb 
1:250,000 map sheet within the Aileron Province of the Arunta Orogen. The quartzite dips at 
60o and exhibits a vertical cleavage. It is interpreted to overlie metamorphosed granites of the 
~1805-1770 Ma Carrington Suite.  
Previous geochronology:  Detrital zircons from 184341 were dated from the Archean (2695 
Ma to a youngest population of 1775+/-7 Ma), which is considered to be the maximum 
depositional age for the precursor sandstone (Kirkland et al., 2009).  
As the sample had been metamorphosed, a literature review suggests the last metamorphic 
event of sufficient grade to form a quartzite was the Chewings Event, reflecting the collision of 
the North and South Australian Cratons at ~1.59-1.57 Ga.  
New geochronology:  We obtained the heavy mineral (HM) concentrate for 184341 from the 
GSWA and assessed it for other datable minerals, including rutile. We subsequently dated 
rutile, monazite and xenotime grains from the HM concentrate: results are shown graphically 
in Fig. 20. The non-zircon age data (Fig. 21) indicates that both monazite and xenotime grains 
in the quartzite, and the three oldest rutile ages, gave a consistent age of ~1.60 Ga. SEM 
observations of the dated phosphate grains indicate these grains were of detrital origin, rather 
than formed during metamorphism. The high U-Th contents in monazite and the U-Th 
discriminator for xenotime support an igneous origin.  
We consider ~1.60 Ga to be the age of the youngest datable detrital grains in the original 
sandstone. This constrains deposition of the sandstone to the interval between the youngest 
detrital population and the assumed metamorphic event: i.e. ~1.60-1.57 Ga.  
 
Figure 20:  SHRIMP age data (histogram and relative probability) for zircon (Kirkland et al., 2009), rutile, 
monazite and xenotime from quartzite sample 184341. 
 
 
18 
 The rutile age data varied from a probable detrital age of ~1.60 Ga to younger results towards 
~1.3 Ga (Fig. 21). Given the blocking temperature for Pb-diffusion from rutile may be as low 
as 480oC, and is significantly lower than for zircon, monazite and xenotime, we consider that 
the variable ages from rutiles reflect a post-depositional heating event which could be ~1.3 Ga 
or younger. No such event has yet been rigorously recognised. Nonetheless, it appears some 
rutile grains preserve the ~1.60 Ga age of other detrital phosphate grains and could either 
have formed at this time or been reset at this time by an event in the source region of the 
rutile. There is no positive link of a common source for the monazite-xenotime grains and the 
rutile: the phosphates appear igneous in origin whereas the rutile could be from various 
sources, all pre-1.59-1.57 Ga. The zircons and at least one monazite grain are clearly from 
different sources (Fig. 20).  
 
 
Figure 21:  SHRIMP age data (histogram and relative probability) for <1.7 Ga rutile, monazite and xenotime from 
quartzite sample 184341. Expanded from Fig. 20. 
 
Rutile geochemistry:  Given evidence presented elsewhere in this report that the 
“compatible” trace element chemistry of rutile is resistant to change by most later geological 
processes, we now assess the various rutile populations which may be represented in sample 
184341. Most significant are the data for the high-W grains. The highest-W analyses (i.e. 
>5,000 ppm W) all have a Nb/Cr ratio that indicates they are from a felsic (or pelitic) rock, and 
have ZiRGy temperatures suggesting formation in the 740-690oC range: i.e. intermediate 
formation temperatures to rutile from Big Bell and Tropicana (Fig. 16), equivalent to high-
amphibolite or transitional granulite temperatures.  
The high-W grains have distinctively low Sb (Fig. 19), which is most similar to rutile from Cu-
Au ores (Fig. 5) and pegmatites (Fig. 7), and also similar to some, but not all, gold ores (Fig. 
4). Some gold ore samples have rutile containing significant Sb, including some from the 
reference ores at Big Bell and Tropicana (Fig. 4). This may be pertinent because the detrital 
rutile grains in 184341 are relatively coarse-grained (i.e. >100 m). The only gold and Cu-Au 
deposits with rutile grains of this size are Big Bell, Tropicana and Telfer.  
Significantly, the detrital high-W rutile grains in 184341 have moderately low Sn contents (Fig. 
19), which are much lower than most pegmatites (Fig. 7) but very similar to Cu-Au ores (Fig. 
 
19 
 5). [However, note that the Cu-Au dataset is limited, with comparative rutile data only from 
Boddington and Telfer]. The high-W grains also fall below the high-Sn pegmatite field in Fig. 
8 with their lower Sn-contents, leaving Telfer rutile as the closest Cu-Au comparative dataset. 
However, gold-only ores sometimes have low-Sb (e.g. Tropicana) and are otherwise 
indistinguishable from the detrital rutile.  
Consideration of other rutile grains with lower, but still anomalous W-contents (i.e. 1,000-5,000 
ppm W) provides the same conclusions: Nb/Cr indicates a felsic host rock and most ZiRGy 
temperatures are in the same 740-690oC temperature range. These rutile grains probably 
came from the same source rock as the >5,000 ppm W grains. Rutile grains with “barren” 
levels of W (i.e. <500 ppm W) are generally from a mixed mafic-felsic source rock (based on 
Nb/Cr) and have the lowest ZiRGy temperatures in the 700-600oC range.  
Overall, we conclude that there are probably detrital rutile grains from multiple source rocks 
which were concentrated by sedimentary processes in sample 184341, and a significant 
proportion of these grains (i.e. ~20%) with >1,000 ppm W are probably sourced from a 
significant Cu-Au deposit, similar to Telfer, or a gold-only ore, similar to Tropicana. However, 
there is some overlap between the geochemistry of the high-W detrital rutile and rutile from 
pegmatites, but this origin can be ruled out on the basis of higher Sn-Nb-Ta.  
 
Conclusions:  This project on detrital rutile grains from sandstones and quartzites, supported 
by a specialised spectrum of available analytical data, demonstrates that:  
1) Heavy mineral concentrates from sediments/sedimentary rocks collected for other 
purposes may provide an untapped resource for metals exploration;  
2) Sandstones are a natural concentrator of detrital rutile grains which appear to faithfully 
preserve their source characteristics for the compatible trace elements; 
3) The Lake Mackay Quartzite was deposited shortly before the Chewings Event, 
between ~1.60 and 1.57 Ga, possibly in a collisional regime;  
4) A ~20% proportion of detrital rutile grains with >1,000 ppm W found in 184341 probably 
derived from a Cu-Au or possibly gold-only deposit exposed to erosion at ~1.60-1.57 
Ga, which was possibly hosted by felsic rocks and formed at high-amphibolite or 
transitional granulite temperatures. The closest Cu-Au analogies are Boddington and 
Telfer, both of which are considered magmatic-related (Roth, 1992; Rowins et al., 
1997), whereas the closest gold-only analogy is Tropicana. Note, however, that only 
Telfer and Tropicana have rutile of sufficient grain size to compare with the high-W 
rutiles in 184341.  
 
Project 5: Rutile “fingerprints”: surviving later alteration/metamorphism 
Rutile grains from the regolith over the Big Bell gold deposit has been shown to preserve the 
chemical fingerprint of the underlying ore (Scott and Radford, 2007). This study was restricted 
to compatible elements in the rutile structure: i.e. not including radiogenic Pb, which is 
incompatible in rutile and can be measured indirectly via U/Pb ages. Herein we assess how 
the compatible elements “survive” other secondary events, such as metasomatism and 
metamorphism.  
Metasomatism:  Examples in which rutile is stable in both a precursor rock and its 
metasomatised equivalent are rare. We were fortunate to identify an example from the Bamble 
area, Norway, through an international colleague. Here, a metagabbro is pervasively albitised 
and the metasomatic front is <1mm wide such that both rock types occur at the scale of a 
single polished thin section (Fig. 22). Intermediate stages of metasomatism are documented 
from the area as various scapolite- and albite-bearing rock types. A more detailed description 
of the following section is presented in the Appendix.  
  
20 
  
Fig. 22. Polished thin section of an albitised metagabbro with the metasomatic front visible (red dashed line) and 
rutile present in both rock types. 
 
The salient rutile trace element geochemistry is presented in Fig. 23. The most striking aspect 
of these data is the large variations in trace element compositions that accompany 
metasomatism. From the Nb/Cr vs V plot, metagabbro and scapolitised metagabbro have 
Nb/Cr ratios more akin to non-mafic rocks. This is attributed to the high proportion of 
hornblende (+/- minor oxides), which is inferred to partition Cr more favourably than Nb. V is 
also lower, probably due to partitioning into oxides. The more metasomatised rocks have 
neither hornblende nor oxides, allowing the rutile to be a more effectively host for Cr and V. 
Ratios of elements with similar geochemical properties (i.e. Nb-Ta and Zr-Hf; Fig. 23) also 
show systematic groupings, suggesting that Nb (in preference to Ta) and Hf (in preference to 
Zr) are preferentially partitioned into the metagabbro minerals.  
 
Fig. 23. Geochemical plots for rutile from metagabbro and metasomatised equivalents from the Bamble area, 
Norway. 
 
Further, the ZiRGy temperatures (Fig. 24) for all rock types are all consistent with the local 
metamorphic conditions of granulite facies, indicating that metasomatism occurred at high 
temperature. Importantly, at these temperatures and metasomatic conditions, there appears 
 
21 
 to be no memory of the metagabbro rutile composition across the narrow metasomatic front 
shown in Fig. 22: i.e. the rutile in the albitite probably grew from the available components 
once the mineralogy changed, totally overprinting or replacing the pre-existing rutile. The U/Pb 
age for rutile in all samples was identical and significantly younger than the rutile formation 
ages in the metagabbro: these are interpreted to record the age of cooling through the Pb-
diffusion “blocking temperature”, rather than the rutile formation ages at higher temperatures.  
 
Fig. 24. Box-plots of formation tempertures using ZiRGy (at estimated 7 Kbars). Legend colours are the same as 
Fig. 23. Dots within boxes are averages, lines are medians, circles and triangles are outliers at 1.5 and 3 times 
the interquartile range, respectively. 
 
Overall, it is clear that extreme and high temperature metasomatism can dramatically influence 
the rutile geochemistry. Importantly, compatible element contents are preserved from their 
formation, whereas incompatible Pb is not. At high tempertures, the compatible trace elements 
in rutile seem to be controlled by partitioning between coexisting mineral phases. In this case, 
the metagabbro rutile shows a Nb/Cr ratio indicative of a mafic rock but is changed to the 
signature of a non-mafic rock during metasomatism. Hence, caution should be used when 
inferring the source rock composition using Nb/Cr in detrital rutile grains.  
 
Metamorphism:  A previous study on a 3.58 Ga leucogabbro enclave in a 3.43 Ga granodiorite 
from the Pilbara identified abundant and coarse rutile, thought to have formed during thermal 
metamorphism when the enclave was incorperated in the granodiorite. U/Pb geochronology 
of the rutile grains showed a spectrum of ages (Fig. 25), with significant peaks at ~2.94 and 
~3.08 Ga. The younger age corresponds to a known magmatic event in the area and both are 
considered to be a response of partial Pb-loss from rutile due to post-formation thermal events.  
 
22 
  
Fig. 25. Age relative probability and histogram for SHRIMP age determinations on rutiles from a 3.58 Ga 
leucogabbro in the Pilbara. The two main peaks in rutile ages are considered to reflect post-formation thermal 
events which affected the rutile in the sample. 
 
The age data are interpreted to reflect partial Pb-loss from rutile in response to later heating. 
Lead is an incompatible element in rutile and the question raised is whether the compatible 
elements have also been affected by the thermal overprints. We undertook to analyse the 
rutile with SHRIMP for age data, and then analyse the same locations in each rutile grain by 
LA-ICP-MS for trace elements. In Fig. 26, the ZiRGy temperature, reflecting Zr-content, is 
plotted against the rutile age. The colour coding is into age groups and is used in subsequent 
plots.  
 
23 
  
Fig. 26. Age vs ZiRGy temperature plot for rutile from the 3.58 Ga Pilbara leucogabbro. Colour coding is for age 
groups. 
 
The ZiRGy temperatures (and Zr ppm) show no systematic variation with age. Other trace 
elements (Fig. 27) are similar in that there is no systematic variation with age, which reflects 
the observed Pb-mobility. In this case, the thermal overprints recorded as partial Pb-loss in 
the rutile age data do not appear to have had any detectable influence on the concentration 
of compatible elements.  
 
Fig. 27. Trace element plots for rutile from the 3.58 Ga Pilbara leucogabbro. Colour coding is for age groups as 
per Fig. 26. 
 
One aspect shown in Fig. 27 is that the Nb/Cr ratio for all analyses is >1.0, notionally indicating 
a non-mafic hostrock. As with the metasomatic example above, the leucogabbro contains 
abundant hornblende and preferential partitioning of Cr into coexisting hornblende is thought 
to increase the Nb/Cr in rutile, making this ratio an unreliable indicator of hostrock composition 
when hornblende is present. This is the same observation as for metagabbro in the example 
of metasomatism.  
Summary:  The available data suggest that the compatible element geochemistry of rutile 
survives regolith formation and thermal overprints, but not extreme metasomatism. A 
subsidary conclusion is that the compatible trace element contents for rutile formed at 
temperatures above ~600oC seem to be controlled by partitioning into coexisting mineral 
phases such that rock discrimination ratios (e.g. Nb/Cr) may become unreliable. Further, the 
 
24 
 incompatible element Pb, formed by U-decay, is lost or partially lost by diffusion during thermal 
overprints, whereas compatible elements are not.  
 
Project 6: Field testing in Yilgarn: detrital rutile in surficial sediments 
The previous reporting has been on establishing and using rutile geochemical discriminators 
for ore-associated rutile, and their chemical robustness against later events. Here we consider 
a practical test. A drillhole through surficial sediments in the Tropicana belt, ~20 kms from a 
known gold prospect, was tested for detrital rutiles and their geochemical fingerprint. The 
drillhole encountered the Archean basement, which had anomalous gold. Samples of surficial 
sediments were taken 7m, 5m and 4m above basement. For each sample, heavy minerals 
were separated, rutile was identified and then analysed for trace elements. The data are 
presented in Figure 28 and compared to data from gold-related rutiles from Tropicana and Big 
Bell. The detrital rutiles from surficial sediments overlap in their W contents but are more 
similar to Tropicana than Big Bell in their Sb contents.   
Considering the data from the three samples from different depths, Figure 29 shows that the 
rutile grains from 7m above basement have low W contents which notionally excludes their 
potential derivation from a gold ore. The rutile data from 4m and 5m above basement both 
contain grains which overlap the Tropicana field with moderately high W.  
Overall, the high-W detrital rutile grains from <5m above basement in the surficial sediments 
are geochemically similar to ore-related rutile from Tropicana. They could, in fact, come from 
the Tropicana ore bodies, or alternatively from unrelated and potentially undiscovered ores. 
Unfortunately, we could not collect detrital material from the basement unconformity, or the 
basement rocks, for comparison.  
 
Fig. 28. Ternary plot (as Fig. 2) comparing data for rutile from surficial sediments and Tropicana and Big Bell for 
reference. 
 
 
25 
  
Fig. 29. Ternary plot (as Fig. 28) showing rutile compositions from the three different samples of surficial 
sediments. Tropicana and Big Bell data shown for reference. 
 
Conclusions:  This pilot project suggests: 
1) Detrital rutile grains from surficial sediments in the eastern Yilgarn environment 
preserve geochemical signatures through weathering-erosion, transport, sediment 
deposition and diagenesis; 
2) The geochemical fingerprint in detrital rutiles from surficial sediments is similar to 
Tropicana and could derive from that or an unrelated (undiscovered) deposit;  
3) Together with the ability of rutile to preserve its source chemical characteristics in 
regolith, this project emphasises the potential utility of detrital rutile as an exploration 
tool, particularly under cover;  
4) If future studies confirm the veracity of detrital rutile geochemistry in gold exploration, 
rutile may be akin to diamond indicator minerals in diamond exploration, with a 
potential “exploration halo” of >100 kms.  
 
Project 7: Rutile in VHMS ores 
At the beginning of this project, it was recognised that there was potential for rutile 
geochemistry to be used for base metal exploration as well as gold: see Fig. 3. To assess this 
on WA deposits, we sought through an independent MRIWA-supported project on VHMS 
deposits, to collect rutile-bearing samples from at least three VHMS deposit in WA for initial 
study herein. Unfortunately, the start of this other project (M0446) was delayed such that rutile 
data were only available for two deposits: Nimbus, near Kalgoorlie, and Bentley, in the 
Teutonic Bore area. The data with the published discrimination diagram from Fig. 3 are shown 
in Fig. 30.  
 
26 
  
Fig. 30. Comparison of rutile compositions from Canadian and other VHMS deposits (from Fig. 3) with rutile from 
Nimbus and Bentley. Different colours for Nimbus and Bentley data represent different samples. 
 
The data for Nimbus is unlike the reference Canadian and global data. This may be because 
Nimbus is considered to be a shallow-water, low temperature deposit with epithermal 
characteristics rather than a classic exhalative VHMS (Hollis et al., 2017). Bentley, on the 
other hand, shows some similarities with a trend to high Sn-contents.  
 
Fig. 31. Ternary plots of rutile compositions from Nimbus and Bentley (as Fig. 30) with the element indicated 
(*1,000) as the lower right apex. Colours from Fig. 30. Different colours represent different samples. 
 
Considering other trace elements (Fig. 31), Bentley shows linear high W and Sb trends similar 
to gold deposits (Fig. 4). However, these trends are largely from one sample and we conclude 
that there is insufficient data to: (a) properly confirm the geochemical discrimination shown in 
Figs 3 and 30, and (b) propose any further discriminants of value to exploration.  
 
27 
  
6. Project summary 
This project has: 
1) Established and fine-tuned sampling and analytical protocols for the characterisation 
and analysis of rutile grains, including establishing appropriate mineral and glass 
standards and analytical techniques.  
2) Identified reliable chemical discriminants for rutile from ore vs barren rocks, particularly 
for gold-related rutile and specifically for Kalgoorlie-Big Bell-type ores.  
3) Established that the compatible elements in rutile are robustly held through 
metamorphic heating and regolith formation, but not extreme metasomatism.  
4) Concluded that detrital rutiles can reliably characterise their source region via their 
compatible element geochemistry, through weathering, erosion, transport and 
deposition, and diagenesis.  
5) Concluded that rutile in metals exploration may be akin to diamond indicator minerals 
in diamond exploration, with sedimentary distribution distances >100 km, and with the 
added advantage that our own and a published study indicates that rutile survives in 
the regolith, making it an untested tool for exploration under cover.  
 
7. Recommendations 
Although this project has improved our understanding of rutile geochemistry and tested many 
aspects of its application to mineral exploration, it is only considered a pilot project: there are 
many practical aspects of this potential technique remain to be clarified. Below is a list of the 
most significant questions, which will require further study to answer. 
1) Grain size:  From this pilot study of gold deposits in WA, gold-related rutile seems to 
occur as either fine (mostly <20 m grains, best observed using an SEM), and coarse 
(i.e. >100 m) grains. The latter have only been observed in a small number of 
deposits, with large grains suitable for analysis found at Tropicana, Big Bell, Telfer and 
Hopes Hill. Although these include significant deposits that are well worth exploring 
for, it is possible that giant gold deposits such as at Kalgoorlie will not be found if 
exploration focuses solely on coarse detrital rutile grains.  
This assumes that our current knowledge about Kalgoorlie is correct and that coarse, 
gold-related rutile is absent from the ore. This assumption should be addressed. 
Furthermore, study could be extended to identifying coarse rutile in other giant gold 
deposits globally.  
One alternative is to direct research towards detrital rutile in the <20 m size range. 
This is practical using current analytical facilities and protocols: i.e. the sample 
processing flow chart in Fig. 1 can be adapted such that 10-20 m rutile grains are 
captured and identified automatically by TIMA. Grains of this size can be reliably 
analysed for trace elements by LA-ICP-MS. However, a pilot study based around 
Kalgoorlie, or a similar, preferably giant deposit with no known gold-related “coarse” 
rutile, should be undertaken to test this concept.  
2) Ore body-scale studies:  The data available from all deposits as been limited to what 
can be obtained from curated material, largely from the GSWA, PhD studies at UWA 
and personal contacts via the Chief Investigators. No deposit has been thoroughly 
assessed for the rutile chemical signatures for proximal vs distal ores vs un-
mineralised wall rocks.  
Using Tropicana as an example, only two ore samples containing rutile were studied: 
one from each of the Havana and Boston Shaker ore bodies. Notably, the chemistries 
of these two rutiles were broadly similar but had some subtle but distinctive differences. 
One sample was obtained from a published study and the other via correspondence  
28 
 through the operating company to mine staff. The latter provided material from several 
different locations in and around several ore bodies but only one sample contained 
suitable rutile, which was subsequently analysed.  
Ideally, exploration for a targeted deposit like Tropicana should start with a detailed 
geochemical study of rutile from different ore bodies and types, low and high grade 
ores, different wall rock compositions and un-mineralised wall rocks, and even regional 
rock types. Assessing these data may provide specific chemical discriminators far 
more sophisticated than that presented in this pilot study. Armed with this knowledge, 
rutile recovered from basal units of surficial sediments, regolith and modern drainage 
samples could provide both vectors to ore and quantify practical transport distances 
for “labelled” rutile grains in the terrane being explored. All of the above will await future 
research.  
3) Global sampling:  The ore-related rutile data collected within this project was confined 
to WA. Extrapolation globally has yet to be undertaken, particularly for detrital rutile 
grains in other non-arid erosion-transport-deposition environments. Further, although 
gold-related rutile data are well represented, further work is needed on Cu-Au and 
VHMS ores, in particular. For example, the proposition that a Cu-Au ore such as Telfer 
or gold ore such as Tropicana contributed rutile to the heavy minerals found in GSWA 
sample 184341 (Project 4) remains tentative, simply because of the limited 
geochemical database for rutiles from this type of deposit. It is clear that a globalised 
study of ore rutiles from many more significant ore bodies is necessary in the future to 
expand the utility of this new exploration tool.  
4) Multi-element attributes of rutile and multi-mineral geochronology:  The study of 
datable detrital minerals in quartzite 184341 has significantly revised the 4D 
understanding of this area, as well as suggesting a potential ore type and mineralised 
host rock in the sandstone hinterland. Together with the information garnered from 
rutile geochemistry, multi-mineral geochronology and petrography on detrital grains 
and integration with the local tectonic and metallogenic history may provide a hitherto 
hidden but exciting new research direction for 4D analysis. Similarly, integration of 
ZiRGy temperatures at Tropicana with the 4D history provide an alternative ore deposit 
model, which should be thoroughly tested.  
In these examples, the integration of rutile geochemical attributes with other, key 
geological data may provide a quantum leap in exploration target definition, and should 
be tested by future research.  
 
8. Acknowledgements 
This study was directly funded by GSWA, Independence Group, MRIWA and Curtin University: 
all are thanked for their direct financial support. The advanced analytical facilities and 
contributions from the technical expertise of staff within the John de Laeter Centre were 
important to the success of this project. The JdLC facilities have been built up over many 
decades with support from Curtin, UWA and GSWA, with significant support from the 
Australian Government through the Australian Research Council, the Strategic Infrastructure 
Initiative, AMMRF and AuScope. Access to samples, including curated, drillcore and field, was 
possible through the UWA Geology Museum, GSWA, Independence Group, AngloGold 
Ashanti, MacPhersons Resources and Boddington Gold Mines. Indirect field support from 
Independence Group, MacPhersons Resources and Boddington Gold Mines is gratefully 
acknowledged.  
   
29 
 9. References 
Allibone et al., 1998. Timing relationships and structural controls on the location of Au-Cu mineralization at the 
Boddington Gold Mine, Western Australia. Economic Geology 93, 245-270.  
Barnicoat et al., 1991. Syn-metamorphic lode-gold deposits in high-grade Archaean settings. Geology 19, 921-
924. 
Blenkinsop et al., 2004. Single stage, late Archaean exhumation in the Northern Marginal Zone, Limpopo Belt, 
Zimbabwe, and relevance to gold mineralisation at Renco mine. S. Afr. J. Geol. 107, 377-396.  
Cherniak, 2000. Pb diffusion in rutile. Contrib. Min. & Petrol. 139, 198-207. 
Clark & Williams-Jones, 2004. Rutile as a pote, ntial indicator mineral for metamorphosed metallic ore deposits. 
Rapport Final de DIVEX, Sous-projet SC2, Montreal, Canada. 17 pp. 
Doyle et al., 2015. Geochronological constraints on the Tropicana Gold Deposit and Albany Fraser Orogen, 
Western Australia. Economic Geology 110, 355-386. 
Hollis et al., 2017. 2.7 Ga plume associated VHMS mineralization in the Eastern Goldfields Superterrane, Yilgarn 
Craton: Insights from the low temperature and shallow water, Ag-Zn-(Au) Nimbus deposit. Precamb. Res. 
291, 119-142.  
Kirkland et al., 2009. 184341: quartzite, Lake Mackay; Geochronology Record 818: Geological Survey of Western 
Australia, 5p.  
Kooijman et al., 2010. Constraints on the U-Pb systematics of metamorphic rutile from in situ LA-ICP-MS analysis. 
Earth Planet. Sci Letts 293,321-330. 
McCuaig et al., 2001. The Boddington gold mine: A new style of Archaean Au-Cu deposit. In Cassidy, K.F., Dunphy, 
J.M. and Van Kranendonk, M.J. (eds), 4th International Archaean Symposium 2001, AGSO - Geoscience 
Australia, Record 2001/37, 453-455.  
Meinhold, 2010. Rutile and its applications in Earth Sciences. Earth-Science Reviews 102, 1-28. 
Mezger et al., 1989. High-precision U-Pb ages of metamorphic rutile – application to the cooling history of hugh 
grade terranes. Earth Planet. Sci. Letts 96, 106-118.  
Mueller et al., 1996. Constraints on the age of granitoid emplacement, metamorphism, gold mineralization, and 
subsequent cooling of the Archean greenstone terrane at Big Bell, Western Australia. Economic Geology 91, 
896-915.  
Mueller & McNaughton, 2018. Mineral equilibria and zircon, garnet and titanite U-Pb ages constraining the PTt path 
of granite-related hydrothermal systems at the Big Bell gold deposit, Western Australia. Mineralium Deposita 
53, 105-126.  
Porter et al., 2020. Rutile as a pathfinder for metals exploration. Ore Geology Reviews 120, 103406. 
Qiu et al., 1997. SHRIMP U-Pb in zircon and lead-isotope constraints on the timing and source of an Archaean 
granulite-hosted lode-gold deposit at Griffin's Find, Yilgarn Craton, Western Australia. Chronique de la 
Recherche Miniere 529, 91-104.  
Roth, 1992. The nature and genesis of Archaean porphyry-style Cu-Au-Mo mineralization at the Boddington gold 
mine, Western Australia: Unpublished PhD thesis, Perth, Australia, University of Western Australia. 126p.  
Rowins et al., 1997. A reinterpretation of the role of granitoids in the gensis of Neoproterozoic gold mineralization 
in the Telfer Dome, Western Australia. Economic Geology 92, 133-160.  
Mao et al., 2016. Apatite trace element compositions: a robust new tool for mineral exploration. Economic Geology  
111, 1187–1222. 
Schiotte, 1991. Murchison and Southern Cross dating project – report for the period 1/9/91 to -1/11/91. Australian 
National University, Canberra. 
Scott & Radford, 2007. Rutile composition at the Big Bell Au deposit as a guide for exploration. Geochemistry: 
Exploration, Environment, Analysis 7, 353-361.  
Stein et al., 2001. Re-Os dating of Boddington molybdenite, SW Yilgarn: Two Au mineralization events. In Cassidy, 
K.F., Dunphy, J.M. and Van Kranendonk, M.J. (eds), 4th International Archaean Symposium 2001, AGSO - 
Geoscience Australia, Record 2001/37, 469-471.  
Tomkins et al., 2007. The pressure dependence of the zirconium-in-rutile thermometer. J. Metamorphic Geology 
25, 703-713.  
Triebold et al., 2012. A recipe for the use of rutile in sedimentary provenance analysis. Sedimentary Geology 282, 
268-275.  
Vielreicher et al., 2015. The timing of gold mineralization across the eastern Yilgarn craton using U–Pb 
geochronology of hydrothermal phosphate minerals. Mineralium Deposita 50, 391–428.   
30 
 Vry & Baker, 2006. LA-MC-ICPMS Pb-Pb dating of rutile from slowly cooled granulites: Confirmation of the high 
closure thermometer for Pb diffusion in rutile. Geochim. Cosmochim. Acta 70, 1807-1820.  
Watson et al., 2006. Crystallization thermometers for zircon and rutile. Contrib. Mineral. Petrol. 151, 413-433.  
Wingate et al., 2011a. 178142: Metarhyolite Cullculli Hill. Geological Survey of Western Australia, Geochronology 
Record 967, 4 pp.  
Wingate et al., 2011b. 178196 and 185923: Granodiorite, Milliwarry Well; biotite-hornblende tonatile gneiss, Granite 
Rock. Geological Survey of Western Australia, Geochronology Record 968, 8 pp.  
Zack & Kooijman, 2017. Petrolohy and geochemistry of rutile. Reviews in Mineralogy and Geochemistry 83, 443-
467.  
Zack et al., 2002. Trace element abundances in rutiles from eclogites and associated garnet mica schists. Chemical 
Geology 184, 97-122.  
Zack et al., 2004. Temperature dependence of Zr in rutile: empirical calibration of a rutile thermometer. Contrib. 
Mineral. Petrol. 148, 471-488.  
 Faculty of Science and Engineering
School of Earth and Planetary Sciences
Application of Rutile Geochemistry to Base and
Precious Metal Exploration
Jennifer Karin Porter
This thesis is presented for the Degree of
Doctor of Philosophy
of
Curtin University
March 2019DECLARATION OF AUTHORSHIP
I, Jennifer Karin Porter, declare that to the best of my knowledge and belief
that this thesis entitled, ‘Application of Rutile Geochemistry to Base and Precious
Metal Exploration’ contains no material previously published by any other per-
son except where due acknowledgement has been made. This thesis contains
no material which has been accepted for the award of any other degree or
diploma in any university.
The author acknowledges that copyright of published works contained within
this thesis resides with the copyright holder(s) of those works. I warrant that
I have obtained, where necessary, permission from the copyright owners to
use any third-party copyright material reproduced in the thesis (e.g. question-
naires, artwork, unpublished letters), or to use any of my own published work
(e.g. journal articles) in which the copyright is held by another party (e.g. pub-
lisher, co-author).
Jennifer Karin Porter
20/03/2019
Date
iiiABSTRACT
The need to assess new exploration techniques in order to ﬁnd undercover
mineralisation has become more necessary as easy to ﬁnd and more accessible
ores are depleted and advances in technology drive the need for more metal
resources. Pathﬁnder minerals, those with chemistries that are associated with
speciﬁc ore types, have been used in areas where ore is covered or easily
weathered. These minerals are of greater abundance and are more durable
during weathering and transport than their associated ores. Pathﬁnder min-
erals are found in detrital sediments and are easily identiﬁed in the heavy
mineral separates collected during exploration campaigns. Pyrope garnet and
chrome diopside are examples commonly used in diamond exploration, and
here rutile is assessed as a pathﬁnder mineral applicable to precious and base
metal exploration.
Trace elements in rutile can be associated with certain ore types; i.e., Sn can
be associated with VHMS deposits and W, associated with Au ore. However,
these elemental anomalies are not unique and an elemental pattern that can
ﬁngerprint any one ore type has not been identiﬁed. To better assess ore as-
sociations with trace elements in rutile, a multivariate approach to statistical
analysis was used to compare trace element patterns with different ore types.
A database of 3149 rutile analyses (LA-ICP-MS and SHRIMP) from a variety of
ore types and non-ore-related igneous and metamorphic rocks, primarily from
Western Australia, has been created to address this issue.
Multivariate PCA (principal component analysis) and hierarchical cluster-
ing of high ﬁeld strength elements within rutile were used to distinguish trace
element signatures of different ore types (Au, Au-Cu, pegmatites, carbonatites,
vAbstract J.K. P ORTER
lamprophyres, VHMS) and their associated rocks. Sb and Cr were determined
to be most important in differentiating Au deposits from pegmatites enriched
in Nb, Ta and Sn, and from other ore types. In rutile from barren rocks, W
and Fe were the most important elements in differentiating rock types, which
were distinguished based on a combination of metamorphic grade and source
rock characteristics. Nine groups were identiﬁed when all rutile from ores and
barren rocks were clustered together, using primarily the variation in W and
Cr. Two groups are solely derived from Au ores (high versus low Sb rutile).
One group is comprised mainly of pegmatites (high Nb, Ta, Sn rutile). Four
groups are comprised solely of rutile from barren rocks, and two groups are
a mix of ore and non-ore rutile. Rutile from Au ore, similar to Kalgoorlie and
Big Bell Au deposits, is distinct compared to rutile from other rocks and can be
distinguished from other ores and barren environments using multi-element
clustering of PCA analysis, making rutile chemistry a valuable tool in Au ex-
ploration.
Detrital rutile from the basins of Western Australia were compared to and
classiﬁed as one of nine rutile groups using the supervised machine learning
algorithm, Random Forests, in order to assess rutile’s potential in Au and base
metal targeting. Rutile grains were classiﬁed into Au-related and barren rock
groups with a >95% accuracy. Sample 199418 of the Amadeus Basin repre-
sents the highest potential for Au exploration, as 9% of rutile grains have trace
element chemistries similar to those from Kalgoorlie- and Big Bell-style Au ore.
In addition to identifying rutile grains associated with mineralisation, charac-
teristics of basin source rocks; i.e., number of basin sources, their formation
temperatures and ages, and their metamorphic history may be determined us-
ing Random Forests for class prediction.
In addition to the pathﬁnder study, the trace element discriminants for ru-
viJ.K. P ORTER Abstract
tile rock source conditions were evaluated to critically assess Nb-Cr system-
atics, Zr-in-rutile thermometry and U-Pb dating in a case study of rocks in
the Bamble Sector of southern Norway that have undergone multiple stages
of metamorphism and metasomatism. The geochemical and isotopic signa-
tures in rutile occurring across metasomatic contacts between scapolite and
albite rocks were compared with those of rutile from less metasomatised gab-
bros. Zr-in-rutile geothermometry indicated that rutile formed at temperatures
above 760 °C, at granulite-facies conditions. Rutile grains from all rock types
have statistically identical U–Pb ages (1079.3 ±4.0 Ma), which reﬂects the time
that rutile cooled through the Pb closure temperature. Metasomatism affected
rutile prior to this time, constraining the timing of scapolite metasomatism at
granulite-facies temperatures prior to 1079 Ma.
Rutile Cr and V contents increased with progressive scapolite metasoma-
tism and remained unchanged during subsequent albitisation. The rutile Nb–
Cr ratio was affected by extreme metasomatism to indicate a more maﬁc source,
despite all rocks having the same gabbroic source. This has implications for us-
ing Nb–Cr signatures in detrital rutile provenance studies. Trace element data,
combined with textural relationships, suggest rutile is relict within albitite and
that albite metasomatism occurred after scapolitisation during the Sveconor-
wegian Orogeny, or possibly as late as the Permian, during low-grade meta-
morphism associated with the Oslo Rift.
viiACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
This research was funded in-part by the Minerals Research Institute of West-
ern Australia (MRIWA) M448 grant with contributions from Independence
Group and the Geological Survey of Western Australia. The SHRIMP II anal-
yses were carried out with the ﬁnancial support of the Australian Research
Council and AuScope NCRIS. GeoHistory Facility instruments were funded
via an Australian Geophysical Observing System grant provided to AuScope
Pty Ltd. by the AQ44 Australian Education Investment Fund program.
Much of the imaging was done at the Microscopy & Microanalysis Facil-
ity in the John de Laeter Centre. Kelly Merigot provided extensive help us-
ing the TIMA, and Elaine Miller and Zakaria Quadir aided in using the SEM
and EBSD. J. Reeve at the E. de C. Clarke Earth Science Museum at UWA
is acknowledged for providing access to UWA thesis and sample collections.
Muriel Erambert provided assistance on the EMP at the University of Oslo.
Thank you to everyone who kindly provided samples: H ˚akon Austrheim,
Andrew Putnis, Vitor Barrote, Jo Moore, Janet Muhling, N. Vielreicher, M.
Doyle, C. Talavera, T. dos Santos and every student who mentioned rutile in
their PhD thesis at UWA.
Neal McNaughton, Noreen Evans, Cristina Talavera, Brad McDonald, Brent
McInnes, Mike Wingate, Fred Jourdan and Chris Kirkland all participated in
this project and are gratefully thanked for their help.
Cristina Talavera is thanked for sorting out all U-Pb data, and setting up
and ﬁxing the SHRIMP , especially after midnight.
ixAcknowledgements J.K. P ORTER
Noreen Evans and Brad McDonald helped immensely collecting the LA-
ICP-MS data. Noreen also managed to suffer through terribly written manuscripts
at inopportune times. Thanks Noreen!
Neal McNaughton, project leader and main advisor, managed to herd the
necessities, impart all sorts of knowledge – from U-Pb dating to mining in
WA, do the odd presentation and all necessary and unnecessary bureaucracy
related to this study with patience and good humour. This certainly would
have fallen apart without you, so thanks Neal for carefully planning your re-
tirement.
xLIST OF PUBLICATIONS INCLUDED AS PART
OF THIS THESIS
This thesis compiles a collection of research papers that were either pub-
lished, under review, submitted or in preparation at the time of writing this
document. The relationship between different papers are described in the
introductory chapter. All papers have statement of co-authorships and pub-
lished papers are reprinted in Appendix A at the end of the thesis.
The research papers contained within this thesis are listed below.
PAPER 1-Porter, J.K., McNaughton, N.J., Evans, N.J., McDonald, B. (2020)
Rutile as a pathﬁnder for metals exploration. Ore Geology Reviews .
PAPER 2-Porter, J.K., McNaughton, N.J., Evans, N.J., McDonald, B. Metals
exploration in sedimentary basins of Western Australia: insights
from detrital rutile trace element geochemistry. Journal of Geochem-
ical Exploration , in review.
PAPER 3-Porter, J.K., Talavera, C., Evans, N.J., McNaughton, N.J., McDon-
ald, B., Austrheim, H. Rutile trace element and isotope geochem-
istry of scapolite and albite metasomatised gabbro, Bamble region,
southern Norway. Chemical Geology , in revision.
xiiLIST OF ADDITIONAL PUBLICATIONS
RELEVANT TO THIS THESIS
Several papers and conference abstracts were published during the research
period but either not as a principal author or not peer-reviewed and so do not
form part of the main thesis. These may be found in Appendix B.
The publications are listed below, including justiﬁcation for their inclusion.
PAPER A – CO-AUTHORED -Jo Moore, Andreas Beinlich, J.K. Porter, Cristina
Talavera, Jasper Berndt, Sandra Piazolo, H ˚akon Austrheim, An-
drew Putnis (2020) Microstructurally controlled trace element (Zr,
U–Pb) concentrations in metamorphic rutile: An example from the
amphibolites of the Bergen Arcs. Journal of Metamorphic Petrology ;
38:103–127.
Reason for inclusion -This work included U–Pb geochronometry
on rutile in strained versus non-strained rutile.
CONFERENCE ABSTRACT A-McNaughton, N.J., Talavera, C., Porter, J.K.,
Evans, N.J., McInnes, B.I.A. (2016). Rutile U/Pb geochronology
and geochemistry by SHRIMP: some observations. VIII Interna-
tional SHRIMP Workshop. Grenada, Spain. pp 54–56.
Reason for inclusion -This work was presented at an interna-
tional conference on the characterisation of rutile standards using
LA-ICP-MS.
xivJ.K. P ORTER List of Additional Publications
CONFERENCE ABSTRACT B-Porter, J.K., Evans, N.J., McDonald, B., Talav-
era, C., McNaughton, N.J., Kirkland, C.L., Jourdan, F. and McInnes,
B.I. (2017). Rutile geochemistry in ore systems – considerations for
metal exploration. Goldschmidt 2017 Conference , Paris, France.
Reason for inclusion -This work was presented at an interna-
tional conference and outlined the work in Chapter 2 and Chapter
3, the use of detrital rutile in mineral exploration.
CONFERENCE ABSTRACT C-Porter, J.K., McNaughton, N.J., Evans, N.J., Ta-
lavera, C., McDonald, B., Austrheim, H. (2017). Rutile isotope and
trace element geochemistry through albitite metasomatism of meta-
gabbro, Bamble region, southern Norway. (2017). 2017 TIGeR Con-
ference, Timescales of Geological Processes , Perth, Australia, pp 66-67.
Reason for inclusion -This work was presented at a conference
and outlined the work in Chapter 4, the change of rutile through
metasomatism.
CONFERENCE ABSTRACT D-Porter, J.K., McNaughton, N.J., Evans, N.J., Ta-
lavera, C., McDonald, B. (2018). Detrital rutile geochemistry in Au
exploration. Resources for Future Generations (RFG) 2018 , Vancouver,
Canada.
Reason for inclusion -This work was presented as a poster at an
international conference and outlined the work in Chapter 2, the
use of detrital rutile in Au exploration in Western Australia.
CONFERENCE ABSTRACT E-Porter, J.K., Talavera, C., McNaughton, N.J.,
Evans, N.J., McDonald, B., McInnes, B. (2018). Rutile geochemistry
xvList of Additional Publications J.K. P ORTER
in gold exploration. International Mineralogical Association (IMA)
2018 , Melbourne, Australia. pg 43.
Reason for inclusion -This work was presented at an interna-
tional conference and outlined the work in Chapter 3, the use of
detrital rutile in Au exploration in Western Australia.
CONFERENCE ABSTRACT F-Kennedy, Allen K., Porter, J.K., Talavera, Cristina
(2018). Assessing the effect of rutile crystallographic orientation on
SIMS oxygen isotopes. 9thInternational SHRIMP Workshop , Gyeong-
ju, South Korea. 10–15 September.
Reason for inclusion -This work was presented at an interna-
tional conference and included work on crystallographic orienta-
tion effects on oxygen isotopes in rutile when using SIMS.
CONFERENCE ABSTRACT G-McNaughton, N., Porter, J., Evans, N., McDon-
ald, B., Talavera, C., Doyle, M. (2018). Detrital rutile: a new tool for
gold exploration under cover. AGCC Australian Geoscience Council
Convention , Adelaide, Australia, 14–18 October, 2018, pg 120.
Reason for inclusion -This work was presented at a conference
and outlined the work in Chapter 3, the use of detrital rutile in Au
exploration in Western Australia.
xviTABLE OF CONTENTS
Declaration of Authorship iii
Abstract v
Acknowledgements ix
List of Publications xii
List of Additional Publications xiv
Table of Contents xviii
List of Figures xxv
List of Tables xxix
1 Introduction 1
1.1 Review . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2
1.1.1 Trace elements in rutile . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2
1.1.2 Rutile in ores . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5
1.1.3 Rutile in exploration . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10
1.2 Research Design . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 12
1.2.1 Methods . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14
1.3 Research Outcomes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 18
1.3.1 Chapter 2 - Classifying rutile from known sources . . . . 18
xviiiJ.K. P ORTER Contents
1.3.2 Chapter 3 - Classifying rutile of unknown origin . . . . . 19
1.3.3 Chapter 4 - Testing trace element and isotopic discrimi-
nants in rutile . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 20
1.4 References . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 21
2 Paper 1 -Rutile as a pathﬁnder for metals exploration 49
2.1 Introduction . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 51
2.1.1 Rutile as an ore pathﬁnder . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 54
2.2 Methods . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 55
2.2.1 Sample selection . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 55
2.2.2 Imaging . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 61
2.2.3 LA-ICP-MS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 62
2.2.4 Statistical methods . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 64
2.3 Results . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 66
2.3.1 Ores . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 67
2.3.2 Igneous and metamorphic rocks . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 75
2.3.3 Combined analysis . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 80
2.4 Discussion . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 85
2.4.1 PCA of rutile chemistry . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 85
2.4.2 Ores . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 87
2.4.3 Igneous and metamorphic rocks . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 90
2.4.4 Combined dataset . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 92
2.4.5 Practical considerations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 95
2.5 Conclusions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 96
2.6 Acknowledgements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 97
2.7 References . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 97
xixContents J.K. P ORTER
3 Paper 2 -Metals exploration in sedimentary basins of Western Aus-
tralia: insights from detrital rutile trace element geochemistry 115
3.1 Introduction . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 116
3.1.1 Trace elements in rutile . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 117
3.1.2 Rutile in ore systems . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 118
3.2 Methods . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 121
3.2.1 Sample selection . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 121
3.2.2 TIMA . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 122
3.2.3 SEM and EBSD . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 125
3.2.4 LA-ICP-MS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 126
3.2.5 Random Forest classiﬁcation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 127
3.3 Results . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 130
3.4 Discussion . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 135
3.4.1 Ore potential of basin source regions . . . . . . . . . . . . 135
3.4.2 Basin information . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 138
3.5 Conclusions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 143
3.6 Acknowledgements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 144
3.7 References . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 144
4 Paper 3 -Rutile trace element and isotope geochemistry of scapolite
and albite metasomatised gabbro, Bamble region, southern Norway 153
4.1 Introduction . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 155
4.2 Geological setting and geology . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 156
4.3 Previous Work . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 159
4.3.1 Geochronology . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 159
4.3.2 P-T estimates and ﬂuid conditions . . . . . . . . . . . . . 160
xxJ.K. P ORTER Contents
4.4 Analytical Methods . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 162
4.4.1 Electron microprobe micro-analysis (EMPA) . . . . . . . 162
4.4.2 SHRIMP . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 162
4.4.3 LA-ICP-MS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 163
4.5 Petrography . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 164
4.5.1 Metagabbro . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 165
4.5.2 Scapolite metagabbro . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 166
4.5.3 Scapolite fels . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 167
4.5.4 Albitite . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 170
4.6 Results . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 172
4.6.1 U-Pb geochronology . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 172
4.6.2 Trace element chemistry . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 174
4.6.3 Zr-in-rutile geothermometry . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 175
4.7 Discussion . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 178
4.7.1 Metasomatism . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 178
4.7.2 Timing of scapolite and albite metasomatism . . . . . . . 182
4.8 Conclusions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 185
4.9 Acknowledgements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 187
4.10 References . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 188
5 Thesis Conclusions 195
5.1 Future work . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 197
xxiContents J.K. P ORTER
A First Author Journal Publications 199
A.1 Paper 1 -Rutile as a pathﬁnder for metals exploration . . . . . 199
A.2 Paper 2 -Metals exploration in sedimentary basins of Western
Australia: insights from detrital rutile trace element geochem-
istry . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 204
A.3 Paper 3 -Rutile trace element and isotope geochemistry of scapo-
lite and albite metasomatised gabbro, Bamble region, southern
Norway. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 208
B Additional Publications 213
B.1 Paper A– co-authored -Microstructurally controlled trace ele-
ment (Zr, U–Pb) concentrations in metamorphic rutile: An ex-
ample from the Bergen Arcs amphibolites. . . . . . . . . . . . . . 213
B.2 Conference Abstract A -Rutile U/Pb geo-chronology and geo-
chemistry by SHRIMP: some observations . . . . . . . . . . . . . 216
B.3 Conference Abstract B -Rutile geochemistry in ore systems –
considerations for metal exploration . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 221
B.4 Conference Abstract C -Rutile isotope and trace element geo-
chemistry through albitite metasomatism of meta-gabbro,
Bamble region, southern Norway . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 224
B.5 Conference Abstract D -Detrital rutile geochemistry in Au ex-
ploration . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 228
B.6 Conference Abstract E -Rutile geochemistry in gold exploration.231
B.7 Conference Abstract F -Assessing the effect of rutile crystallo-
graphic orientation on SIMS oxygen isotopes . . . . . . . . . . . 234
B.8 Conference Abstract G -Detrital rutile: a new tool for gold
exploration under cover . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 240
C Supplementary Information - Chapter 2 245
C.1 Complexities related to sampling . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 246
xxiiJ.K. P ORTER Contents
C.2 Table 1 -Combined ores and barren rock rutile trace element
chemistries (ppm) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 247
D Supplementary Information - Chapter 3 389
D.1 Table 1 -Detrital rutile trace element chemistries (ppm) . . . . 389
E Supplementary Information - Chapter 4 511
E.1 Table 1 -Detrital rutile trace element chemistries (ppm) . . . . 512
E.2 Table 2 -U–Pb data . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 515
E.3 Table 3 -Rutile trace element data (ppm) . . . . . . . . . . . . . 522
Bibliography 535
xxiiiLIST OF FIGURES
1.1 Rutile compositions from the Langlois, Qu ´ebec Zn-Cu deposit. . 11
1.2 Age frequency plot of rutile at Tropicana Au . . . . . . . . . . . 12
1.3 Work ﬂow plan . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 15
2.1 Ternary diagram of W content in rutile from Au deposits com-
piled by Clark and Williams-Jones (2004). . . . . . . . . . . . . . 53
2.2 General geological map of Western Australia with the location
of studied deposits and GSWA samples . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 56
2.3 Examples of TIMA and EBSD images . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 61
2.4 Ternary diagram of W contents in rutile in ore and barren sam-
ples for this study . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 67
2.5 SEM images of rutile grains from Au, Au-Cu, carbonatites and
pegmatites . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 69
2.6 BSE images of altered or retrogressed rutile grains from VHMS,
Au, Au-Cu and lamprophyre deposits . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 70
2.7 PCA of the rutile chemistry from the ores dataset . . . . . . . . . 71
2.8 Boxplots of trace elements for each of the seven groups from ore
sample clustering . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 73
2.9 Rutile grains from metamorphic and igneous rock samples . . . 76
2.10 Results of PCA of the rutile chemistry from the igneous-metamorphic
dataset . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 77
2.11 Boxplots of trace elements for each of the six groups from back-
ground igneous-metamorphic rutile sample clustering . . . . . 78
2.12 Results from PCA of the combined database of rutile chemistry 81
2.13 Boxplots of trace elements for each of the nine clusters from the
combined dataset. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 82
xxvContents J.K. P ORTER
3.1 Ternary diagram showing where rutile chemical analyses plot
if they are associated with a Au deposit according to Clark and
Williams-Jones (2004) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 119
3.2 Simpliﬁed geological map of Western Australia including basins
and studied samples . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 123
3.3 TIMA and EBSD images of GSWA sample 184341M heavy min-
erals separate in epoxy mount . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 124
3.4 Statistics on the Random Forest model for classiﬁcation . . . . . 129
3.5 Ternary diagrams showing analyses of W, Sn and Sb for detrital
rutile Clark and Williams-Jones (2004). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 131
3.6 Ternary diagrams showing analyses of W, Sn and Sb for detrital
rutile with anomalous concentrations for each element. . . . . . 131
3.7 List of detrital samples showing amount and proportion of ru-
tile grains classiﬁed to each group. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 132
3.8 Boxplots showing calculated formation temperatures for each
detrital sample . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 135
3.9 BSE and SE images of detrital rutile grains in epoxy mounts . . 136
4.1 Regional map of the Kragerø area. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 157
4.2 A summary of the U-Pb ages of rocks in the Kragerø area. . . . . 160
4.3 BSE images of hyperite gabbro and partially hydrated amphi-
bolite. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 166
4.4 BSE images of rutile within the metagabbro, scapolite metagab-
bro, scapolite fels and albitite. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 168
4.5 Photo-micrographs of mineralogy and petrography of main rock
types of the Kargerø. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 169
4.6 BSE images of rutile in albitite and low grade mineral assem-
blages. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 171
4.7 Concordia diagrams of all concordant data (within 5%) from ru-
tile in the main rock types at Kragerø. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 173
xxviJ.K. P ORTER Contents
4.8 Trace element plots of LA-ICP-MS data from rutile before and
after intense metasomatism. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 176
4.9 Box-plots of rutile formation temperatures using ZiRGy. . . . . 177
4.10 BSE images showing albitisation of scapolite. . . . . . . . . . . . 183
4.11 Summary sketch of the chemical evolution of rock and rutile
from the hyperite gabbro through metagabbro formation and
scapolite and albite metasomatism. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 186
xxviiLIST OF TABLES
1.1 Anomalous rutile trace elements associated with speciﬁc deposit
types. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6
2.1 Summary of trace elements found in rutile from different ore
types. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 52
2.2 Sample summary from ore rocks . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 58
2.3 Sample summary from ore rocks cont... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 59
2.4 Sample summary of the igneous and metamorphic rocks . . . . 60
2.5 Table of the % input of each element to the ﬁrst four principal
components resulting from PCA for the ores, background ig-
neous and metamorphic, and combined datasets . . . . . . . . . 72
3.1 List of groups formed by clustering of rutile chemistry, and rock
types or ore types that are representative of each group . . . . . 120
3.2 GSWA sample list of detritals, descriptions and references . . . 122
4.1 Summary of all near-concordant ages for each analysed rock
type at Kragerø. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 174
xxixList of Tables J.K. P ORTER
xxxCHAPTER 1
INTRODUCTION
Humans have been exploiting metals in the Earth for thousands of years and
the development of human civilisation has depended on the ability to ﬁnd and
extract these metals in an efﬁcient and proﬁtable way. Society’s need for met-
als has not subsided with time, but rather has become more fervent with the
advancement of modern technologies. Unfortunately, the continual extraction
of metals over thousands of years has depleted the obvious and most surﬁcial
ore deposits and has forced the development of new technologies and innova-
tive techniques in order to discover ores further undercover and in harder to
detect locations.
In order for deposits of metal to be considered proﬁtable, metals have to
be present in concentrations considerably above average crustal levels. For
example Pb, Au and Cu have to be concentrated at 5000, 2000 and 250 times
crustal levels, respectively, in order to be extracted at a proﬁt. Common ore ac-
cessory minerals are often used as a vectoring tool to aid exploration targeting
for these metal enrichments. For example, pyrope garnet and Cr-diopside are2 J.K. P ORTER Section 1.1
common accessory minerals in diamondiferous kimberlites and are often used
as pathﬁnder or indicator minerals in diamond exploration.
To aid metallic ore exploration, a potential indicator mineral must be phys-
ically robust enough to withstand weathering, transport and deposition in
sediments. It must form within the same environments as ore and carry a
chemical signature that can ﬁngerprint that ore. Ideally the indicator min-
eral will be abundant and of sufﬁcient size not only to identify and collect,
but to analyse using low cost and efﬁcient techniques. Fortuitously, rutile
fulﬁls these requirements, as described in more detail below, and possesses
many chemical traits that make it useful for studying detrital sediment his-
tory. Trace elements incorporated in the structure of rutile can provide insight
into rock provenance, formation temperature, age and ore association, which
provides a more comprehensive understanding of the history of the rock in
which rutile formed. Here, the chemical properties of rutile are assessed to
determine if it can be used as an indicator of ore, and to assess its robustness
as a geochronometer and geothermometer.
1.1. R EVIEW
1.1.1. T RACE ELEMENTS IN RUTILE
Rutile forms in a variety of environments including igneous, and more com-
monly in metamorphic and hydrothermal environments, including under con-
ditions that form precious and base metal mineralisation. Generally reported
as stable at high temperatures and pressures, rutile is also found at lower
greenschist facies conditions ( <450 °C) (Meinhold, 2010; Putnis, 1978). Ru-Chapter 1 J.K. P ORTER 3
tile can be found in association with mineralised deposits, in ore zones and
alteration zones, frequently in greater abundance than the ore minerals them-
selves (Clark and Williams-Jones, 2004). The concurrent formation of rutile
during ore deposition allows it to place temporal constraints and composi-
tional ﬁngerprints on ore-forming processes. Rutile grains incorporate trace
elements that are reﬂective of the formation environment, including wall rock
and ﬂuid chemistries. Rutile has a dense, chemically and physically stable
structure that is resistant to weathering and capable of surviving transport,
lengthy residence times in regolith, diagenesis and low-grade metamorphism.
Rutile is a common constituent of sediments and detrital rocks, such as sand-
stones and quartzites.
Rutile, anatase and brookite are the three common polymorphs of TiO 2.
Both anatase and rutile are found in mineralised occurrences and heavy min-
eral deposits. Anatase formed during diagenesis, is stable at lower P–T con-
ditions and reverts irreversibly to rutile at >600–700 °C (Hanaor and Sor-
rell, 2011). Distinguishing rutile from other polymorphs is important in that
anatase and brookite are not typically associated with ore processes and in-
corporate different elements within their structures (Triebold et al., 2011). RA-
MAN spectroscopy and electron backscatter diffraction (EBSD) can be applied
to samples to discriminate the polymorphs of TiO 2. In addition, inter-element
ratios of Cr, V , Fe and Nb can correctly identify rutile with an accuracy of >97%
(Triebold et al., 2012, 2011).
Rutile is a useful mineral in that it incorporates a variety of trace elements
that can be used to elucidate information on a rock’s history. Uranium is taken
into rutile at the exclusion of Pb and Th, allowing for precise U–Pb age dating.
The blocking temperature of Pb in rutile ( 630 °C, Cherniak, 2000; Vry and
Baker, 2006) is lower than that of other minerals typically used in U–Pb dat-4 J.K. P ORTER Section 1.1
ing, such as zircon and monazite, thus can date metamorphic, hydrothermal
and formation events that occur under different conditions, and can provide
insights on cooling rates and terrane evolution. An important development
is the advent of rutile in U–Pb dating using in situ SHRIMP and LA-ICP-MS
analyses. Luvizotto et al. (2009a) and Zack et al. (2011) have improved these
techniques by developing matrix-matched natural rutile standards, improving
the precision of measured ages, although matrix effects and lack of sufﬁcient
natural standards, particularly for trace element analysis, still remain issues to
be improved. Rutile includes up to 200 ppm U in its lattice and excludes Pb,
due to differences in ionic charge and radius. An advantage to using rutile in
U–Pb dating is the exclusion of Th in its structure, allowing for a more robust
correction for common Pb using the208Pb correction. This increases precision
as208Pb is 30 to 40 times more abundant than204Pb, so corrections are more
accurately determined.
Trace element geochemistry can be used in provenance studies and geother-
mometry. The relative abundance of Cr and Nb has been used to distinguish
between pelitic and maﬁc rock sources (Zack et al., 2002, 2004b; Triebold et al.,
2012). Generally, a rutile that exhibits a Nb/Cr >1 is considered to be from a
pelitic source, with more felsic input. Rutile with higher Cr and Nb/Cr ratios
<1 is representative of a mantle or maﬁc source.
If rutile is in equilibrium with quartz and zircon, the amount of Zr substi-
tuted into its lattice is a function of temperature (Zack et al., 2004a). Increased
incorporation of Zr with temperature has led to the development of a Zr-in-
rutile thermometer, useful in rocks such as quartzite and sandstone, which are
devoid of minerals typically used in geothermometry. The calibration of Zr as
a geothermometer in rutile has been determined empirically (Zack et al., 2004a)
and experimentally (Watson et al., 2006; Ferry and Watson, 2007; Tomkins et al.,Chapter 1 J.K. P ORTER 5
2007). The geothermometer developed by Tomkins et al. (2007) was veriﬁed as
reliable at ultra high pressures by Kooijman et al. (2012) and further certiﬁed
by Triebold et al. (2012) as the most robust tool, as it takes pressure into account
in determining T and has an uncertainty of ±35 °C.
1.1.2. R UTILE IN ORES
Certain trace elements within rutile have been identiﬁed as having anoma-
lous concentrations when associated with speciﬁc ore types. For example,
Clark and Williams-Jones (2004) determined W is enriched in rutile formed
in mesothermal Au deposits and other researchers have identiﬁed that vari-
able amounts of V and Sb in rutile are also associated with Au ore (Scott and
Radford, 2007; Plavsa et al., 2018; Agangi et al., 2019). Previous studies (see for
example Williams and Cesbron, 1977; Scott, 1988; Clark and Williams-Jones,
2004; Scott, 2005; Rabbia et al., 2009) have assessed the relationships between
ore and trace elements in rutile and demonstrated the potential of rutile to act
as an indicator mineral. Research determined that multiple trace elements (W,
Sn, Sb, Ni, Cu, Cr, Ta, Nb, V and/or Pb) in rutile can be correlated to spe-
ciﬁc metallic mineralisation. A table summarising some of the known trace
element and ore type associations is presented in Table 1.1. A more in-depth
description of the trace element associations in rutile formed with Au, VHMS,
carbonatite, kimberlite and eclogite, Cu-Mo porphyry and pegmatite ores is
presented below.
MESOTHERMAL AU DEPOSITS W-rich rutile has been identiﬁed at the Tropi-
cana Gold deposit in the Albany-Fraser region of Western Australia. Two gen-
erations of rutile were identiﬁed based on age and trace element signature: a6 J.K. P ORTER Section 1.1
TABLE 1.1: A compilation of rutile data highlighting the main anomalous
elements associated with speciﬁc deposit types. Compiled from Clark and
Williams-Jones (2004); Scott (1988, 2005); Scott and Radford (2007) and Hag-
gerty (1995).
younger zone within rutile contained little W enrichment while an older zone
contained approximately 6000 ppm W (Doyle et al., 2015).
The Big Bell Au complex, Western Australia, has multiple ore zones that
contain rutile variably rich in V , W, Sb and Fe. Regional variation shows a
complex trace element make-up between deposits and across alteration (Scott
and Radford, 2007). Graham and Morris (1973) studied W- and Sb-rich rutile
in Big Bell that contains up to 5.8 wt% WO 3, 1.7 wt% Sb 2O5and 1.7 wt% FeO
and noted that the rutile compositions were similar across different host rocks,
suggesting a common origin. However, at Fender, an ore zone of the Big Bell
complex that is less deformed, rutile is enriched in Fe and Nb, and low in V
and Sb. In all Au-bearing zones in the Golden Giant and Page-Williams ore
bodies of the Big Bell complex, rutile contains high V , (5.6% V 2O5), Sb (6.5%
Sb2O3) and W (3.2% WO 2) (Harris, 1989). Sb and W anomalies are obvious
within rutile hosted in the ore, but not in rutile within the alteration zones.
Conversely, rutile found at the periphery of these deposits, contains high Nb
and Ta contents, possibly delineating the extent of mineralisation (Scott and
Radford, 2007).Chapter 1 J.K. P ORTER 7
Scott et al. (2011) studied the Kalgoorlie Goldﬁelds, Western Australia, in-
cluding the closely associated brittle Mt Charlotte and the ductile Golden Mile
(Fimiston) deposits. Rutile was identiﬁed in the lode, altered and unaltered
zones of the Fimiston deposit. Mt Charlotte has Fe-rich rutile that is depleted
in other trace elements, whereas Golden Mile rutile is W- and Fe-rich. Lake
View Lode, also part of the Kalgoorlie Superpit, contains rutile consistently
high in V (1.48 wt%). Rutile from these three deposits at Kalgoorlie can be
distinguished using these trace element contents.
VOLCANIC -HOSTED MASSIVE SULPHIDES (VHMS) The study by Clark and
Williams-Jones (2004) summarised the trace element contents of several VHMS
deposits in the Superior Province of eastern Canada (Ansil, Bell-Allard, Garon
Lake, Kidd Creek, Langlois, Norita, Radiore). The summary suggests that high
Sn contents in rutile point towards a VHMS source, although most Sn-enriched
rutile were also enriched in Nb. Studies by Petersen (1986) at the Geco Sn
VHMS deposit in Ontario support this assertion. Rutile associated with cassi-
terite from this deposit contains 2.9 wt% SnO 2and 3.99 wt% Nb 2O5.
Rutile was identiﬁed within the deposit and alteration zones of Gossan Hill
(Sharpe and Gemmell, 2002; Smith, 2003), Golden Grove (Frater, 1983; Wang
et al., 1993) and Scuddles VHMS deposits (Ashley et al., 1988) but no system-
atic studies of the trace element signatures in rutile were conducted.
CARBONATITES Niobium has been identiﬁed as a major trace element in rutile
of carbonatites (Mitchell, 2015; Chebotarev et al., 2017). Nb-rutile has been re-
ported as a primary accessory mineral in the Chuktukon carbonatite in Russia
(Chebotarev et al., 2017) and the Oka carbonatite in Qu ´ebec (Mitchell, 2015),
but also as a minor secondary hydrothermal mineral after pyrochlore and rip-8 J.K. P ORTER Section 1.1
pite (Chebotarev et al., 2017). These hydrothermal rutile grains are up to 17
wt% Nb 2O5(Chebotarev et al., 2017). Mitchell (2015) also reports that sec-
ondary rutile can contain up to 9 wt% Nb 2O5at the Arax `a supergene Nb de-
posit, formed through hydrothermal or deuteric processes.
Weathered rutile grains sourced from carbonatites are found to contain less
V , Fe, and Nb than primary and hydrothermal rutile (Chebotarev et al., 2017).
Nb-brookite and Nb-anatase are also observed at the Arax `a deposit in Brazil
and brookite observed at Chuktukon, Russia likely formed by sub-aerial weath-
ering (Mitchell, 2015; Chebotarev et al., 2017).
KIMBERLITES AND ECLOGITES Rutile has been found within kimberlites and
eclogites associated with diamonds; not as a primary mineral, but likely formed
after ilmenite. Rutile grains frequently contain lamellae of ilmenite within
their structure (Smythe et al., 2008). Malkovets et al. (2016) have identiﬁed
Cr-bearing rutile as one of the indicator minerals of kimberlite, along with Cr-
pyrope and Cr-diopside at the Mir kimberlite pipe in Russia. They suggest that
rutile with Cr 2O3in excess of 1.7 wt% indicates rutile sourced from the man-
tle. Smythe et al. (2008) studied kimberlite-derived rutile to develop a possible
discriminant to determine a crustal vs mantle source discriminator and sug-
gested rutile from eclogite contains more Al than mantle-derived kimberlitic
rutile. Rutile with at least 1000 ppm Mg is interpreted to be sourced from the
mantle (Smythe et al., 2008). The high Al content in diamondiferous eclogitic
rutile was also observed by Sobolev and Yeﬁmova (2000), along with high Cr,
Fe and Nb.
CU-MO-PORPHYRIES Trace elements contents in rutile found in porphyry de-
posits are as varied as the deposit types in which they are found. Rabbia et al.Chapter 1 J.K. P ORTER 9
(2009) showed the dominant trace element within rutile associated with a Mo-
porphyry is Mo, which is also enriched in rutile found within the wallrock, not
associated directly with the ore. The changes in rutile Mo content on the de-
posit scale at El Teniente, Chile, is due to the temperature dependence on the
stability of molybdenite and availability of Mo during rutile formation (Rabbia
et al., 2009).
Rutile at the Ajo, Bingham, San Manuel and Bagdad, USA, Cu-porphyry
deposits also exhibit heterogeneity on the deposit scale and in their alteration
zones. Rutile increases in abundance and grain size ( <40 µm) within alteration
zones and is enriched in Fe and V (Czamanske et al., 1981). Williams and
Cesbron (1977) also noted heterogeneities within Cu porphyries and found a
positive correlation between the red colour in rutile grains and Cu content,
which varies from 100 to 500 ppm. Chromium and V content in rutile also
increased closer to the ore zone and rutile grains became increasingly elongate
away from the ore zone (Williams and Cesbron, 1977).
Scott (2005) studied the Cu-Au porphyry in North Parkes, Australia and
noted V contents >4000 ppm. Niobium was also enriched ( >1500 ppm), but
not consistently. The ore related rutile grains were also larger and exhibited
stronger compositional zoning.
PEGMATITES AND GRANITES Rutile from pegmatites is typically high in Nb,
Ta, and Fe, and is commonly associated with ferrocolumbite and/or columbite-
tantalite (Cern ´y et al., 1999; Klementov ´a and Rieder, 2004). Cern ´y et al. (1999)
observed that up to 40% of Ti in rutile from pegmatites in Colorado can be
substituted by other cations, especially Nb and Ta. The Minnie Creek shear
zone-related Mo prospect in Western Australia contains up to 17 wt% com-
bined Nb and Ta (Plavsa et al., 2018).10 J.K. P ORTER Section 1.1
Tin deposits from Sn granites in southeastern Australia contain rutile with
up to 26% Nb 2O5, and high Ta, Sn and W (Scott, 1988). Additionally, W-Sn
granites of Regoufe, Portugal are enriched in Nb ( ≤3.56 wt%), Fe ( ≤10.24 wt%)
and Ta (1.32 wt%; van Gaans et al., 1995). Columbite-tantalite is also present
and associated with rutile in these deposits.
One of the only recorded deposits that is not Au-related, but contains high
Sb-rutile is a quartzite in St. Marcel-Praborna, Italy (Smith and Perseil, 1997).
Rutile is associated with basal sediments of an ophiolite sequence, cut by veins
and fractures along which elements were mobilised. Rutile contains up to
33.75 wt% Sb and 15.45 wt% Fe, which is close to the chemical content of
squawcreekite (FeSbO 4).
1.1.3. R UTILE IN EXPLORATION
Evident in the discussion above is that no one element, or seemingly any com-
bination of elements, is unique to a speciﬁc ore environment or rock type. In
order for rutile to be useful as a pathﬁnder to ore, a distinct pattern, or ﬁnger-
print, of elements should be identiﬁed that can uniquely identify a speciﬁc ore
type.
Clark and Williams-Jones (2004) attempted to develop a way to easily iden-
tify trace element patterns in mesothermal Au and VHMS deposits. They de-
veloped a ternary diagram that uses the Ti, 100*(Fe+Cr+V) and 1000*W con-
tents at triangle apexes to highlight W anomalies in the ore and alteration
zones of Au deposits (Figure 1.1). A similar ternary diagram was developed
for VHMS deposits using Sn instead of W as the anomalous element (Fig-
ure 1.1). In this study, these diagrams are used for comparison and are assessed
for utility in metal exploration using a variety of elements and ore types.Chapter 1 J.K. P ORTER 11
FIGURE 1.1: Rutile compositions from the Langlois, Qu ´ebec Zn-Cu deposit
showing Sn and W anomalies in the ore (red squares) and sub-ore zones (yel-
low diamonds). Barren wallrock rutile (blue triangles) show no anomalous
Sn and W concentrations. Dashed lines represent the lower detection limits
for WO3and SnO2using the EMP (electron microprobe). From Clark and
Williams-Jones (2004).
In addition to trace elements, U–Pb dating can be useful to metals explo-
ration by establishing a temporal context to mineralisation. Rutile has been
used to date Au deposits in Western Australia. Gold-related rutile from the
Tropicana Au occurrence in the eastern Yilgarn was dated using the SHRIMP
(Doyle et al., 2015). The sub-grain analyses showed heterogeneity within grains,
both geochemically and isotopically. Regions of high W concentration exhib-
ited a statistically older age (2521 ±5 Ma) than regions of low W ( 2450 Ma)
(Figure 1.2). These in situ analyses give unique age information on Au min-
eralisation at Tropicana and may be applied to other areas in order to resolve
growth events associated with different metallic mineralisation stages. The
data on Tropicana also permitted the Au mineralisation to be placed in tem-
poral context with other Au ore bodies in the Yilgarn; i.e., the Kalgoorlie Au
province of the eastern Yilgarn is older by over 100 Ma (Vielreicher et al., 2015).
This shows the importance of independent dating of ore when using rutile in
exploration as geochronology can indicate whether the source is located within
a speciﬁc mineralised terrane.12 J.K. P ORTER Section 1.2
FIGURE 1.2: Age frequency plot for rutile grains at Tropicana Au indicating
high- and low-W populations. Modiﬁed from Doyle et al. (2015).
1.2. R ESEARCH DESIGN
The purpose of this project was to assess the minor and trace element geo-
chemistry and isotopic signatures within rutile and develop a database that
can form the foundation of a tool for precious and base metal exploration in
Western Australia. Speciﬁc objectives were as follows:
To reﬁne analytical and processing protocols for laser ablation inductively
coupled plasma mass spectrometry (LA-ICP-MS) and sensitive high-resolution
ion microprobe (SHRIMP) in order to create an efﬁcient method of character-
ising the trace element patterns of single grains and sub-grains. The LA-ICP-
MS technique surpasses previous EMP studies involving rutile geochemistry
ﬁngerprinting in their lower level of detection and ability to probe different
areas within the rutile grain, allowing analysis of how the chemistry of grains
changed during growth and multiple growth histories.Chapter 1 J.K. P ORTER 13
Rutile chemistry from a variety of well characterised background samples is
undertaken to determine if speciﬁc patterns of elemental anomalies can iden-
tify rock types (e.g., dolerite, syenite, granite) and source terranes. Rutile
chemistry from a variety of mineral deposit types are assessed to qualify and
quantify trace element signatures associated with each deposit type so that
a unique geochemical signature can be established for speciﬁc mineralisation
types.
Detrital rutile from sedimentary rocks characterised by the GSWA (Geolog-
ical Survey of Western Australia) are assessed for anomalous trace element
chemistry in order to identify any potential mineralisation signatures.
An algorithm for data processing and statistical analyses is developed in
order to accommodate the large amount of geochemical data generated, im-
prove processing times and reduce costs, with eventual mineral exploration
applications in mind.
Where possible, U–Pb geochronology is used to determine the ages of min-
eralisation associated with trace element anomalies in rutile so that a temporal
component can be added to the database and any anomalies can be associated
with speciﬁc events (i.e., known mineralised provinces or collision/orogenic
events).
The database of rutile trace element chemistry is applied to detrital rutile
and used to determine provenance, establishing the environment of formation
and potential of associated metallic mineralisation. This knowledge can aid
in exploration by delineating speciﬁc targets. The signiﬁcant outcomes of the
research will be:
development of new, efﬁcient exploration techniques with regard to data14 J.K. P ORTER Section 1.2
collection and sorting
providing an exploration tool for ore deposits in bedrock-barren and
under-explored terrain
establishing a database of correlated geochemical and geochronological
signatures in order to enhance our understanding of the 4D metallogeny
of Western Australia
potential discovery of new types of deposits and/or mineralised events
previously unknown in Western Australia
1.2.1. M ETHODS
The following section outlines what was done in order to meet the objectives
of the project. One of the objectives was to develop an efﬁcient process to
identify, prepare, analyse and assess rutile for ore prospectivity. The follow-
ing outlines the workﬂow followed fro any given sample, from collection of
material, through processing, analysis and database creation (Figure 1.3).
Rutile samples were collected both from background and mineralised loca-
tions. The GSWA heavy minerals collection was selectively sampled for rep-
resentative rutile from background or barren rock types and terranes in West-
ern Australia. Mineralised samples came from various mineral deposit types,
such as VHMS, Au, carbonatite and pegmatite ores. These samples came from
known collections at museums, universities and other individual collabora-
tors. In addition, samples containing rutile were taken within VHMS ore de-
posits in the Yilgarn of Western Australia.
Samples from ore were made into polished thin sections to preserve textu-Chapter 1 J.K. P ORTER 15
FIGURE 1.3: Work ﬂow plan made on rutile sample processing from sample
selection to database processing.
ral references, and samples from igneous and metamorphic rocks were made
into epoxy grain mounts at the John de Laeter Centre at Curtin University in
Perth. Textural analysis of rutile thin sections was performed, where possible,
to determine growth relationships and identify if analysed rutile was directly
related to, or was of the same generation as the ore.
Preliminary analysis was performed to assess if any thin section or epoxy
mount contained rutile grains that were of sufﬁcient size and quantity to anal-
yse for trace elements or isotopes. The TIMA (Tescan integrated mineral anal-
yser), a ﬁeld emission scanning electron microscope (SEM) with four EDS (en-
ergy dispersive X-ray spectroscopy) analysers was used to quickly identify
TiO2grains, to scanning up to 25 epoxy mounts in one setting, using a typical
step size of 3 m (Ward et al., 2018). The TIMA software can be used to deter-
mine how many TiO 2grains exist in the sample, their size and abundance and
when analysing thin sections, their mineralogical and textural associations.
Samples of interest were then analysed using the EBSD (electron backscatter16 J.K. P ORTER Section 1.2
diffraction) in order to determine which TiO 2polymorphs are present within
the sample. Crystallographic mapping can be done using EBSD whereby crys-
tal structures are indexed by matching diffraction patterns produced by elec-
trons when they interact with a crystal lattice with those of known crystals
(Humphreys, 2001; Schwartz et al., 2009). In this way the polymorphs of TiO 2,
rutile, brookite and anatase, are identiﬁed. As brookite and anatase form in dif-
ferent environments to rutile, and retain different trace elements within their
structures (Triebold et al., 2011), they are eliminated from further analysis.
SEM and EBSD analyses can identify sub-grain boundaries and foreign min-
erals and within rutile grains, which can improve targeting for later LA-ICP-
MS and SHRIMP analyses. The SEM with BSE (backscatter electron) imaging
was used to further characterise grain textures, compositions and to document
grain images before and after trace element analyses using more destructive
techniques.
LA-ICP-MS is a destructive technique that measures the trace element con-
tent of solid materials. A 193 nm laser beam is used to remove a small vol-
ume of material that is ionised in a high-temperature plasma and separated
on the basis of mass/charge and counted on a detector. The trace geochem-
istry of 34 elements were measured using laser spot sizes between 15 and 50
m. Here, isotopic intensities are measured using an Agilent 7700s quadrupole
ICP-MS, with high purity Ar as the plasma gas. These are compared to the iso-
topic intensities in known silicate glass standards (international glasses TiG;
Jochum et al., 2010; BCR-2G and BHVO; Jochum et al., 2007); and natural ru-
tile standards R10 (Luvizotto et al., 2009a) and Wodgina, WA, characterised
for trace elements (Ewing, 2011). Blocks of standards are run in blocks after
20 unknown analyses. Elemental concentrations are calculated using47Ti as
the internal standard isotope, and to correct for instrument drift and monitorChapter 1 J.K. P ORTER 17
accuracy and precision. A Ti content of 59.95% in rutile is assumed. The mass
spectra are reduced using the Trace Element data reduction scheme in Iolite 3.5
(Paton et al., 2011).
The SHRIMP (Sensitive High-Resolution Ion Microprobe) uses an ion beam
that is focused on a mineral target in order to sputter particles that can be used
in U–Pb dating. The sputtered ions are focussed into a secondary beam and are
separated on charge and mass by passing them through a magnetic ﬁeld with
a large turning radius. The SHRIMP is primarily used here for high precision
U-Pb dating of rutile. An O-beam was used in order to minimise orientation
effects as described in Taylor et al. (2012). Natural rutile grains with multiple
orientations from the Windmill Hill Quartzite (207Pb/206Pb age 2633 ±1.1 Ma,
assessed in house) are used as a standard, with a 20 m spot size. SHRIMP
data are reduced and analysed using Squid and Isoplot 3.75 (Ludwig, 2001).
208Pb can be used for the common Pb correction in rutile, as the Th content in
rutile is low ( <1 ppm). This is the preferred correction method, as208Pb is 30–
40 times more abundant than204Pb, which produces a more precise correction.
Trace element data collected for rutile were compiled into a database. Anoma-
lously high or low trace element analyses, usually caused by contaminating
minerals being intersected during ablation, were eliminated and null values
are imputed. All elements were normalised so that no one element dominated
the variation of the dataset. Log ratio transformation was used to minimise the
problem of closure, a potential problem when analysing multivariate composi-
tional data (Aitchison, 1986; Grunsky, 2010). PCA (principal component anal-
ysis) was performed after centred log-ratio transformation to identify natural
chemical similarities within multi-variate chemical datasets. PCA reduces the
dimensionality, ﬁlters the noise, random patterns and/or under-sampled pro-
cesses of a multivariate system and simpliﬁes and highlights major processes18 J.K. P ORTER Section 1.3
usually using the ﬁrst few principal components (Grunsky, 2010; Grunsky and
Kjarsgaard, 2015).
After PCA, hierarchical clustering, a form of unsupervised machine learn-
ing, was applied to the dataset to identify chemically similar groups. The sim-
ilarity of chemistry in rutile may be explained by a common origin; i.e, they
formed at similar metamorphic grade, their host rocks were compositionally
similar or they formed under the same mineralisation processes. Once groups
of chemically similar rutile were identiﬁed, trace element data of rutile from
unknown sources were compared using a supervised machine learning algo-
rithm, Random Forests (Breiman, 2001). Random Forests makes predictions
on the classiﬁcation of rutile using the votes of individual trees, each of which
classify the rutile using a different subset of variables at varying distances
down the tree. Combining their votes reduces the variance of the Random
Forest model, improves its robustness with respect to noise and over-training,
and gives estimates on internal error and variable importance.
1.3. R ESEARCH OUTCOMES
The results of this study are presented in three papers, each brieﬂy summarised
below.
1.3.1. C HAPTER 2 - C LASSIFYING RUTILE FROM KNOWN SOURCES
Chapter 2 amalgamates a rutile geochemical dataset from ore deposits, and
igneous and metamorphic rocks of Western Australia. The datasets are as-
sessed for utility in distinguishing different ore types from each other, as wellChapter 1 J.K. P ORTER 19
as distinguishing ore rutile chemistries from non-ore chemistries. This paper
incorporates rutile chemistries from known ore deposits, sourced primarily
from university and museum collections, and from barren rocks of Western
Australia, sourced from the geochronology collection of the Geological Survey
of Western Australia. Hierarchical clustering of the results of principal compo-
nent analysis of 12 high ﬁeld strength elements in rutile produced nine distinct
groups representing rutile source rocks. Clustering of rutile chemistries from
various ores, igneous and metamorphic rock sources can uniquely identify the
chemistry of rutile from Au ore, especially Kalgoorlie- and Big Bell-style Au
deposits. The variation in W, Cr and Sb contents are key in identifying rutile
from different source rocks and ore and identifying rutile from rocks formed
at different temperature, metamorphic grade and how evolved the host rocks
may be.
1.3.2. C HAPTER 3 - C LASSIFYING RUTILE OF UNKNOWN ORIGIN
Chapter 3 uses the results of Chapter 2 by using the geochemical groupings of
rutile that identify ore and non-ore rocks and comparing them to the chemistries
of detrital rutile. The metal prospectivity of several sedimentary basins of
Western Australia was assessed by comparing trace element chemistry of ru-
tile grains of unknown source using the supervised machine learning algo-
rithm Random Forests . Rutile are clustered into one of the nine groups from
Chapter 2 with >95% accuracy. Basins were identiﬁed with grains associ-
ated with Kalgoorlie- and Big Bell-style Au, including a sample (199418) in the
Amadeus Basin that consists of rutile in which 9% of the grains cluster with
Au ore. This represents the most prospective sample with regard to Au ex-
ploration. Samples within the Amadeus Basin (199408, 199414, 143783) and20 J.K. P ORTER Section 1.3
Albany-Fraser Orogen (194874) were identiﬁed with grains that are similar to
Nb-pegmatites. The clustering of Nb-pegmatites with other non-ore related
rocks lessens the certainty that these samples are derived from ore, but they
still represent the most prospective samples for Nb-pegmatites. Classifying de-
trital rutile in siliciclastic sandstones and quartzites can elucidate information
such as how many rock sources contribute to the sample and their thermals
and compositional histories. Consistency in rutile trace element chemistry and
geothermometry can also show whether the rutile formed after deposition and
thermal history of the basin.
1.3.3. C HAPTER 4 - T ESTING TRACE ELEMENT AND ISOTOPIC DISCRIMI -
NANTS IN RUTILE
Chapter 4 provides a case study in which the changes in rutile trace element
and isotopic chemistries during extreme metasomatism are assessed on a small
scale. Rutile grains were analysed using LA-ICP-MS and SHRIMP across two
metasomatic fronts of rocks of the same gabbroic source. Textural evidence
suggest the metagabbro underwent scapolitisation then albitisation. U–Pb dat-
ing of rutile in the metagabbro, scapolite fels and albitite reveals the same
(1079 Ma), suggesting these rutile grains were not formed together, but cooled
through the Pb closure temperature at this time. Zr-in-rutile thermometry in-
dicates all rutile formed above 760 °C, but that the rutile in the scapolite and
albitite otherwise have different trace element chemistries. This indicates that
the metasomatism which altered the chemistry of the rutile occurred at gran-
ulite temperatures prior to 1079 Ma. Rutile grains from the heavily metasoma-
tised rocks indicate a more maﬁc provenance than their precursor metagab-
bro, revealing a weakness in using the Nb/Cr ratio as a provenance indica-Chapter 1 J.K. P ORTER 21
tor. Albitisation after scapolitisation did not alter the trace element or isotopic
chemistries further, suggesting it occurred either contemporaneously with scapo-
lite metasomatism or later at below greenschist-facies conditions. This paper
has been prepared for publication in Chemical Geology .
1.4. R EFERENCES
Agangi, A., Reddy, S. M., Plavsa, D., Fougerouse, D., Clark, C., Roberts, M.,
and Johnson, T. E. (2019). Antimony in rutile as a pathﬁnder for orogenic
gold deposits. Ore Geology Reviews , 106:1–11.
Ashley, P . M., Dudley, R. J., Lesh, R. H., Marr, J. M., and Ryall, A. W. (1988).
The Scuddles Cu-Zn Prospect, an Archean Volcanogenic Massive Sulﬁde De-
posit, Golden Grove District, Western Australia. Economic Geology , 83:918–
951.
Aitchison, J. (1986). The statistical analysis of compositional data . Monographs on
statistics and applied probability. Chapman and Hall.
Aitchison, J. (1999). Logratios and Natural Laws in Compositional Data Anal-
ysis. Mathematical Geology , 31:563–580.
Allibone, A. H., Windh, J., Etheridge, M. A., Burton, D., Anderson, G., Ed-
wards, P . W., Miller, A., Graves, C., Fanning, C. M., and Wysoczanski, R.
(1998). Timing Relationships and Structural Controls on the Location of Au-
Cu Mineralization at the Boddington Gold Mine, Western Australia. Eco-
nomic Geology , 93:245–270.
Alvin, M. P . (1998). Carbonatite-related, epithermal ﬂuorite minealisation at Spee-
wah, Kimberley region, with studies of possible analogues in the Pilbara and Gas-22 J.K. P ORTER Section 1.4
coyne regions, Western Australia . Ph.d. dissertation, University of Western
Australia.
Austrheim, H., Putnis, C. V ., Engvik, A. K., and Putnis, A. (2008). Zircon coro-
nas around Fe–Ti oxides: a physical reference frame for metamorphic and
metasomatic reactions. Contributions to Mineralogy and Petrology , 156:517–
527.
Axelsson, E., Pape, J., Berndt, J., Corfu, F., Mexger, K., and Raith, M. M. (2018).
Rutile R632 – A New Natural Reference Material for U-Pb and Zr Determi-
nation. Geostandards and Geoanalytical Research , 42:319–338.
Bartram, G. D. (1969). Wall rock alteration associated with auriferous lodes at Kal-
goorlie . Ph.d. dissertation, University of Western Australia.
Bateman, R. and Hagemann, S. (2004). Gold mineralisation throughout about
45 Ma of Archaean orogenesis: protracted ﬂux of gold in the Golden Mile,
Yilgarn craton, Western Australia. Mineralium Deposita , 39:536–559.
Belford, S. M., Davidson, G. J., McPhie, J., and Large, R. R. (2015). Architecture
of the Neoarchaean Jaguar VHMS deposit, Western Australia: Implications
for prospectivity and the presence of depositional breaks. Precambrian Re-
search , 260:136–160.
B´erub ´e, C. L., Olivo, G. R., Chouteau, M., Perrouty, S., Shamsipour, P ., Enkin,
R. J., Morris, W. A., Feltrin, L., and Thi ´emonge, R. (2018). Predicting rock
type and detecting hydrothermal alteration using machine learning and
petrophysical properties of the Canadian Malartic ore and host rocks, Pon-
tiac Subprovince, Qu ´ebec, Canada. Ore Geology Reviews , 96:130–145.
Bickle, M. J., Bettenay, L. F., Chapman, H. J., Groves, D. I., McNaughton, N. J.,
Campbell, I. H., and de Laeter, J. R. (1989). The age and origin of youngerChapter 1 J.K. P ORTER 23
granitic plutons of the Shaw Batholith in the Archaean Pilbara Block, West-
ern Australia. Contributions to Mineralogy and Petrology , 101:361–376.
Bingen, B., Davis, W. J., Hamilton, M. A., Engvik, A. K., Stein, H. J., Sk ˚ar, Ø.,
and Nordgulen, Ø. (2008a). Geochronology of high-grade metamorphism in
the Sveconorwegian belt, S. Norway: U-Pb, Th-Pb and Re-Os data. Norwe-
gian Journal of Geology , 88:13–42.
Bingen, B., Nordgulen, Ø., and Viola, G. (2008b). A four-phase model for
the Sveconorwegian orogeny, SW Scandinavia. Norwegian Journal of Geology ,
88:43–72.
Bloem, E. J. M., Dalstra, H. J., Groves, D. I., and Ridley, J. R. (1994). Metamor-
phic and structural setting of Archaean amphibolite-hosted gold deposits
near Southern Cross, Southern Cross Province, Yilgarn Block, Western Aus-
tralia. Ore Geology Reviews , 9:183–208.
Breiman, L. (2001). Random Forests. Machine Learning , 45:5–32.
Brøgger, W. C. (1934). On several Archean rocks from the south coast
of Norway. II. The South Norwegian hyperites and their metamorphism.
Det Norske Videnskaps Selskap i Oslo Skrifter. Matematisk+Naturligvidenskapelig
Klasse , 1:1–421.
Cassidy, K. F. (1992). Archaean granitoid-hosted gold deposits in greenschist to am-
phibolite facies terrains: a high P-T to low P-T depositional continuum equivalent to
greenstone-hosted deposits . Ph.d. dissertation, University of Western Australia.
Cassidy, K. F. and Bennett, J. M. (1993). Gold mineralisation at the Lady Boun-
tiful Mine, Western Australia: an example of a granitoid-hosted Archaean
lode gold deposit. Mineralium Deposita , 28:388–408.24 J.K. P ORTER Section 1.4
Cassidy, K. F., Champion, D. C., and Wyborn, L. A. I. (1998). A geochemical
study of granitoids of the Boddington Gold Mine: ﬁnal report to SRK (Aus-
tralasia) Ltd. Technical report, Australian Geological Survey Organisation.
Cern ´y, P ., Chapman, R., Simmons, W. B., and Chackowsky, L. E. (1999). Nio-
bian rutile from the McGuire granitic pegmatite, Park County, Colorado:
Solid solution, exsolution, and oxidation. American Mineralogist , 84:754–763.
Chebotarev, D. A., Doroshkevich, A. G., Klemd, R., and Karmanov, N. S.
(2017). Evolution of Nb-mineralization in the Chuktukon carbonatite massif,
Chadobets upland (Krasnoyarsk Territory, Russia). Periodico di Mineralogia ,
86:99–118.
Cherniak, D. J. (2000). Pb diffusion in rutile. Contributions to Mineralogy and
Petrology , 139:198–207.
Clark, D. J., Hensen, B. J., and Kinny, P . D. (2000). Geochronological constraints
for a two-stage history of the Albany-Fraser Orogen, Western Australia. Pre-
cambrian Research , 102:155–183.
Clark, J. R. and Williams-Jones, A. E. (2004). Rutile as a potential indicator
mineral for metamorphosed metallic ore deposits. Technical report, Rapport
Final de DIVEX, Sous-projet SC2, Montreal, Canada.
Czamanske, G. K., Force, E. R., and Moore, W. J. (1981). Some geologic and
potential resource aspects of rutile in porphyry copper deposits. Economic
Geology , 76:2240–2256.
Dachille, F., Simons, P . Y., and Rustum, R. (1968). PRESSURE-TEMPERATURE
STUDIES OF ANATASE, BROOKITE, RUTILE and TiO 2-II. The American
Mineralogist , 53.Chapter 1 J.K. P ORTER 25
dos Santos, T. J. S., Amaral, W. d. S., Ancelmi, M. F., Pitarello, M. Z., Fuck,
R. A., and Dantas, E. L. (2015). U–Pb age of the coesite-bearing eclogite from
NW Borborema Province, NE Brazil: Implications for western Gondwana
assembly. Gondwana Research , 28:1183–1196.
dos Santos, T. J. S., Garcia, M. d. G. M., Amaral, W. S., Caby, R., Wernick, E.,
Arthaud, M. H., Dantas, E. L., and Santosh, M. (2009). Relics of eclogite facies
assemblages in the Cear ´a Central Domain, NW Borborema Province, NE
Brazil: Implications for the assembly of West Gondwana. Gondwana Research ,
15:454–470.
Doyle, M. G., Fletcher, I. R., Foster, J., Large, R. R., Mathur, R., McNaughton,
N. J., Meffre, S., Muhling, J. R., Phillips, D., and Rasmussen, B. (2015).
Geochronological Constraints on the Tropicana Gold Deposit and Albany-
Fraser Orogen, Western Australia. Economic Geology , 110:355–386.
Duuring, P ., Cassidy, K. F., and Hagemann, S. G. (2007). Granitoid-
associated orogenic, intrusion-related, and porphyry style metal deposits in
the Archean Yilgarn Craton, Western Australia. Ore Geology Reviews , 32:157–
186.
Egozcue, J. J., Pawlowsky-Glahn, V ., Mateu-Figueras, G., and Barcel ´o-Vidal, C.
(2003). Isometric Logratio Transformations for Compositional Data Analy-
sis.Mathematical Geology , 35:279–300.
Engvik, A. K. and Austrheim, H. (2010). Formation of sapphirine and corun-
dum in scapolitised and Mg-metasomatised gabbro. Terra Nova , 22(3):166–
171.
Engvik, A. K., Bingen, B., and Solli, A. (2016). Localized occurrences of
granulite: P-T modeling, U-Pb geochronology and distribution of early-26 J.K. P ORTER Section 1.4
Sveconorwegian high-grade metamorphism in Bamble, South Norway.
Lithos , 240-243:84–103.
Engvik, A. K., Corfu, F., Solli, A., and Austrheim, H. (2017). Sequence and tim-
ing of mineral replacement reactions during albitisation in the high-grade
Bamble lithotectonic domain, S-Norway. Precambrian Research , 291:1–16.
Engvik, A. K., Golla-Schindler, U., Berndt, J., Austrheim, H., and Putnis, A.
(2009). Intragranular replacement of chlorapatite by hydroxy-ﬂuor-apatite
during metasomatism. Lithos , 112:236–246.
Engvik, A. K., Mezger, K., Wortelkamp, S., Bast, R., Corfu, F., Korneliussen, A.,
Ihlen, P ., Bingen, B., and Austrheim, H. (2011). Metasomatism of gabbro -
mineral replacement and element mobilization during the Sveconorwegian
metamorphic event. Journal of Metamorphic Geology , 29(4):399–423.
Engvik, A. K., Putnis, A., Fitz Gerald, J. D., and Austrheim, H. (2008). Albiti-
zation of Granitic Rocks: the Mechanism of Replacement of Oligoclase By
Albite. The Canadian Mineralogist , 46:1401–1415.
Engvik, A. K., Taubald, H., Solli, A., Grenne, T., and Austrheim, H. (2018).
Dynamic Metasomatism: Stable Isotopes, Fluid Evolution, and Deformation
of Albitite and Scapolite Metagabbro (Bamble Lithotectonic Domain, South
Norway). Geoﬂuids , pages 1–23.
Ewing, T. A. (2011). Hf isotope analysis and U-Pb geochronology of rutile: Technique
development and application to a lower crustal section (Ivrea-Verban Zone, Italy) .
PhD thesis, The Australian National University.
Fern ´andez-Delgado, M., Cernadas, E., Barro, S., and Amorim, D. (2014). Do
we need hundreds of classiﬁers to solve real world classiﬁcation problems?
J. Mach. Learn. Res. , 15(1):3133–3181.Chapter 1 J.K. P ORTER 27
Ferry, J. M. and Watson, E. B. (2007). New thermodynamic models and revised
calibrations for the Ti-in-zircon and Zr-in-rutile thermometers. Contributions
to Mineralogy and Petrology , 154:429—-437.
Frater, K. M. (1983). Geology of the Golden Grove Prospect, Western Aus-
tralia: A Volcanogenic Massive Sulﬁde-Magnetite Deposit. Economic Geology ,
78:875–919.
Gamaletsos, P ., Godelitsas, A., Mertzimekis, T. J., G ¨ottlicher, J., Steininger,
R., Xanthos, S., Berndt, J., Klemme, S., Kuzmin, A., and B ´ardossy, G.
(2011). Thorium partitioning in Greek industrial bauxite investigated by
synchrotron radiation and laser-ablation techniques. Nuclear Instruments
and Methods in Physics Research, Section B: Beam Interactions with Materials and
Atoms , 269:3067–3073.
Gebre-Mariam, M. (1994). The nature and genesis of Archaean mesozonal to epizonal
gold deposits of the Mt Pleasant area, near Kalgoorlie, Western Australia . Ph.d.
dissertation, University of Western Australia.
Gislason, P . O., Benediktsson, J. A., and Sveinsson, J. R. (2006). Random forests
for land cover classiﬁcation. Pattern Recognition Letters , 27:294–300.
Graham, J. and Morris, R. C. (1973). Tungsten- and antimony-substituted ru-
tile. Mineralogical Magazine , 39:470–473.
Grunsky, E. C. (2010). The interpretation of geochemical survey data. Geochem-
istry: Exploration, Environment Analysis , 10:27–74.
Grunsky, E. C. and Kjarsgaard, B. A. (2015). Recognizing and Validating
Structural Processes in Geochemical Data. In 6th International Workshop
on Compositional Data Analysis: Girona, 1-7 de juny de 2015. , pages 1–25,
Girona:Universitat de Girona.28 J.K. P ORTER Section 1.4
Haggerty, S. E. (1995). Upper mantle mineralogy. Journal of Geodynamics ,
20(4):331–364.
Haines, P . W., Wingate, M. T. D., and Kirkland, C. L. (2013). Detrital Zircon
U–Pb Ages from the Paleozoic of the Canning and Ofﬁcer Basins, Western
Australia: Implications for Provenance and Interbasin Connections. In West-
ern Australian Basins Symposium 2013 , pages 1–19, Perth, August 18-21.
Hammarstrom, J. M. and Zen, E.-A. (1986). Aluminum in hornblende: an em-
pirical igneous geobarometer. American Mineralogist , 71:1297–1313.
Hanaor, D. A. H. and Sorrell, C. C. (2011). Review of the anatase to rutile phase
transformation. Journal of Materials Science , 46:855–874.
Harlov, D. E. (2000). Pressure-temperature estimation in orthopyroxene-garnet
bearing granulite facies rocks, Bamble Sector, Norway. Mineralogy and Petrol-
ogy, 69:11–33.
Harlov, D. E., F ¨orster, H.-J., and Njland, T. G. (2002). Fluid-induced nucleation
of (Y + REE)-phosphate minerals within apatite: Nature and experiment.
Part I. Chlorapatite. American Mineralogist , 87:245–261.
Harris, D. C. (1989). The Mineralogy and Geochemistry of the Hemlo Gold
Deposit, Ontario. Technical report, Geological Survey of Canada, Economic
Geology Report 38.
Hart, E., Storey, C., Harley, S. L., and Fowler, M. (2018). A window into the
lower crust: Trace element systematics and the occurrence of inclusions/in-
tergrowths in granulite-facies rutile. Gondwana Research , 59:76–86.
Ho, S. E. (1986). A ﬂuid includion study of archaean gold deposits in the Yilgarn
Block, Western Australia . Ph.d. dissertation, University of Western Australia.Chapter 1 J.K. P ORTER 29
Ho, S. E., McNaughton, N. J., and Groves, D. I. (1994). Criteria for deter-
mining initial lead isotopic compositions of pyrite in Archaean lode-gold
deposits: a case study at Victory, Kambalda, Western Australia. Chemical
Geology , 111:57–84.
Hodkiewicz, P . (2003). The Interplay Between Physical and Chemical Processes in
the Formation of World-Class Orogenic Gold Deposits in the Eastern Goldﬁelds
Province, Western Australia . Ph.d. dissertation, University of Western Aus-
tralia.
Hodkiewicz, P . F., Groves, D. I., Davidson, G. J., Weinberg, R. F., and Hage-
mann, S. G. (2009). Inﬂuence of structural setting on sulphur isotopes in
Archean orogenic gold deposits, Eastern Goldﬁelds Province, Yilgarn, West-
ern Australia. Mineralium Deposita , 44:129–150.
Hollis, J. A., Kirkland, C. L., Spaggiari, C. V ., Tyler, I. M., Haines, P . W.,
Wingate, M. T. D., Belousova, E. A., and Murphy, R. C. (2013). Zircon U-Pb-
Hf isotope evidence for links between the Warumpi and Aileron Provinces,
west Arunta region, Record 2013/9. Geological Survey of Western Australia , 30
p.
Hollis, S. P ., Mole, D. R., Gillespie, P ., Barnes, S. J., Tessalina, S., Cas, R. A. F.,
Hildrew, C., Pumphrey, A., Goodz, M. D., Caruso, S., Yeats, C. J., Verbeeten,
A., Belford, S. M., Wyche, S., and Martin, L. A. J. (2017). 2.7 Ga plume asso-
ciated VHMS mineralization in the Eastern Goldﬁelds Superterrane, Yilgarn
Craton: Insights from the low temperature and shallow water, Ag-Zn-(Au)
Nimbus deposit. Precambrian Research , 291:119–142.
Hollis, S. P ., Yeats, C. J., Wyche, S., Barnes, S. J., Ivanic, T. J., Belford, S. M.,
Davidson, G. J., Roache, A. J., and Wingate, M. T. D. (2015). A review of30 J.K. P ORTER Section 1.4
volcanic-hosted massive sulﬁde (VHMS) mineralization in the Archaean Yil-
garn Craton, Western Australia: Tectonic, stratigraphic and geochemical as-
sociations. Precambrian Research , 260:113–135.
Hollister, L. S., Grissom, G. C., Peters, E. K., Stowell, H. H., and Sisson, V . B.
(1987). Conﬁrmation of the empirical correlation of Al in hornblende with
pressure of solidiﬁcation of calc-alkaline plutons. American Mineralogist ,
72:231–239.
Hron, K., Templ, M., and Filzmoser, P . (2010). Imputation of missing values
for compositional data using classical and robust methods. Computational
Statistics and Data Analysis , 54:3095–3107.
Humphreys, F. J. (2001). Review grain and subgrain characterisation by elec-
tron backscatter diffraction. Journal of Materials Science , 36(16):3833–3854.
Huston, D. L., Champion, D. C., and Cassidy, K. F. (2014). Tectonic Controls on
the Endowment of Neoarchean Cratons in Volcanic-Hosted Massive Sulﬁde
Deposits: Evidence from Lead and Neodymium Isotopes. Economic Geology ,
100:11–26.
Jamtveit, B. and Austrheim, H. (2010). Metamorphism: The role of ﬂuids. Ele-
ments , 6:153–158.
Jochum, K. P ., Nohl, U., Herwig, K., Lammel, E., Stoll, B., and Hofmann, A. W.
(2007). GeoReM: A New Geochemical Database for Reference Materials and
Isotopic Standards. Geostandards and Geoanalytical Research , 29(3):333–338.
Jochum, K. P ., Wilson, S. A., Abouchami, W., Amini, M., Chmeleff, J., Eisen-
hauer, A., Hegner, E., Iaccheri, L. M., Kieffer, B., Krause, J., Mcdonough,
W. F., Mertz-kraus, R., Raczek, I., Rudnick, R. L., Scholz, D., Steinhoefel, G.,
Stoll, B., Stracke, A., Tonarini, S., Weis, D., Weis, U., and Woodhead, J. D.Chapter 1 J.K. P ORTER 31
(2010). GSD-1G and MPI-DING Reference Glasses for In Situ and Bulk Iso-
topic Determination. Geostandards and Geoanalytical Research , 35(2):193–226.
Johnson, M. C. and Rutherford, M. J. (1989). Experimental calibration of
the aluminium-in-hornblende geobarometer with application to Long Val-
ley caldera (California) volcanic rocks. Geology , 17:837–841.
Jones, S. (2014). Contrasting structural styles of gold deposits in the Leonora
Domain: evidence for early gold deposition, Eastern Goldﬁelds, Western
Australia. Australian Journal of Earth Sciences , 61:881–917.
Kirkland, C., Wingate, M., Spaggiari, C., and Tyler, I. (2009a). 184341: quartzite,
Lake Mackay; Geochronology Record 818. Geological Survey of Western Aus-
tralia , 5p.
Kirkland, C. L., Wingate, M. T. D., Spaggiari, C. V ., and Tyler, I. M. (2009b).
184336: sandstone, Pollock Hills; Geochronology Record 816. Geological Sur-
vey of Western Australia , 5p.
Kirkland, C. L., Wingate, M. T. D., Spaggiari, C. V ., and Tyler, I. M. (2009c).
184339: sandstone, Pollock Hills; Geochronology Record 817. Geological Sur-
vey of Western Australia , 5p.
Kirkland, C. L., Wingate, M. T. D., Spaggiari, C. V ., and Tyler, I. M. (2009d).
184342: sandstone, Alec Ross Range; Geochronology Record 819. Geological
Survey of Western Australia , 5p.
Kirkland, C., Wingate, M., and Howard, H. (2010). 174662: granophyre, Eliza
Rocks; Geochronology Record 909. Geological Survey of Western Australia ,
page 4.
Kirkland, C. and Wingate, M. (2010). 177278: schistose metagreywacke, Bald
Hill; Geochronology Record 922. Geological Survey of Western Australia , 4p.32 J.K. P ORTER Section 1.4
Kirkland, C., Wingate, M., and Spaggiari, C. (2011a). 194714: psammitic gneiss,
Gnama Hill; Geochronology Record 999. Geological Survey of Western Aus-
tralia , 6p.
Kirkland, C. L., Spaggiari, C. V ., Pawley, M. J., Wingate, M. T., Smithies, R. H.,
Howard, H. M., Tyler, I. M., Belousova, E. A., and Poujol, M. (2011b). On
the edge: U–Pb, Lu–Hf, and Sm–Nd data suggests reworking of the Yilgarn
craton margin during formation of the Albany-Fraser Orogen. Precambrian
Research , 187:223–247.
Kirkland, C., Wingate, M., Howard, H., Quentin De Gromard, R., and Smithies,
R. (2014a). 195231: biotite granite, Mount Elvire; Geochronology Record
1199. Geological Survey of Western Australia , pages 1–4.
Kirkland, C., Wingate, M., Quentin De Gromard, R., Howard, H., and Smithies,
R. (2014b). 195673: felsic granofels, Mount Waugh; Geochronology Record
1200. Geological Survey of Western Australia , pages 1–4.
Kirkland, C., Wingate, M., and Spaggiari, C. (2012). 182476: migmatitic gneiss,
Big Red prospect; Geochronology Record 1053. Geological Survey of Western
Australia , pages 1–4.
Kirkland, C., Wingate, M., and Spaggiari, C. (2013). 192507: granitic gneiss,
Bishops Road; Geochronology Record 1088. Geological Survey of Western Aus-
tralia , page 4.
Kirkland, C., Wingate, M., and Howard, H. (2013). 185415: dacite, Mount
Palgrave; Geochronology Record 1127. Geolocial Survey of Western Australia ,
5p.
Kirkland, C., Wingate, M., and Spaggiari, C. (2014c). 192531: metagranite,Chapter 1 J.K. P ORTER 33
Atlantis prospect; Geochronology Record 1181. Geological Survey of Western
Australia , pages 1–4.
Kirkland, C., Wingate, M., and Spaggiari, C. (2014a). 182416: metasandstone,
Rason Lake Road; Geochronology Record 1156. Technical report, Geological
Survey of Western Australia.
Kirkland, C., Wingate, M., and Spaggiari, C. (2014b). 194866: psammitic schist,
The Diamonds Hill; Geochronology Record 1218. Geological Survey of Western
Australia , 7p.
Kirkland, C., Wingate, M., and Spaggiari, C. (2014c). 194874: psammitic schist,
Tower Peak; Geochronology Record 1219. Geological Survey of Western Aus-
tralia , 6p.
Kirkland, C., Wingate, M., and Spaggiari, C. (2014d). 194875: psammitic schist,
Mount Ragged; Geochronology Record 1220. Geological Survey of Western
Australia , 6p.
Kirkland, C. L., Spaggiari, C. V ., Smithies, R. H., Wingate, M. T. D., Belousova,
E. A., Gr ´eau, Y., Sweetapple, M., Watkins, R., Tessalina, S., and Creaser, R.
(2015). The afﬁnity of Archean crust on the Yilgarn—Albany–Fraser Oro-
gen boundary: Implications for gold mineralisation in the Tropicana Zone.
Precambrian Research , 266:260–281.
Klementov ´a, M. and Rieder, M. (2004). Exsolution in niobian rutile from the
pegmatite deposit at Greenbushes, Australia. The Canadian Mineralogist ,
42:1859–1870.
Kooijman, E., Smit, M. a., Mezger, K., and Berndt, J. (2012). Trace element
systematics in granulite facies rutile: Implications for Zr geothermometry
and provenance studies. Journal of Metamorphic Geology , 30(4):397–412.34 J.K. P ORTER Section 1.4
Kuhn, M. (2008). Building predictive models in R using the caret package.
Journal of Statistical Software , 28(5):1—-26.
Kullerud, L. and Dahlgren, S. H. (1993). Sm-Nd geochronology of Sveconor-
wegian granulite facies mineral assemblages in the Bamble Shear Belt, South
Norway. Precambrian Research , 64:389–402.
Kwak, T. A. P . (1983). The Geology and Geochemistry of the Zoned, Sn-W-F-Be
Skarns at Mt. Lindsay, Tasmania, Australia. Economic Geology , 78:1440–1465.
Leake, B. E. (1978). Nomenclature of amphiboles. The Canadian Mineralogist ,
16:501–520.
Lieftink, D. J., Nijland, T. G., and Maijer, C. (1994). The behavior of rare-earth
elements in high-temperature Cl-bearing aqueous ﬂuids: results from the
Ødeg ˚arden Verk natural laboratory. The Canadian Mineralogist , 32:149–158.
Lu, Y., Wingate, M., and Kirkland, C. (2017). 199021: quartz – muscovite schist,
Copperhead mine; Geochronology Record 1422. Geological Survey of Western
Australia , pages 1–4.
Lu, Y., Wingate, M., and Maidment, D. (2018). 189937: biotite monzogran-
ite, Lewis Range; Geochronology Record 1512. Geological Survey of Western
Australia , pages 1–4.
Ludwig, K. R. (2001). User’s manual for Isoplot 3.75 - A geochronological
toolkit for Microsoft Excel. Berkeley Geochronology Centre Special Publication
No. 5 , pages 1–75.
Luvizotto, G. L., Zack, T., Meyer, H. P ., Ludwig, T., Triebold, S., Kronz, A.,
M¨unker, C., Stockli, D. F., Prowatke, S., Klemme, S., Jacob, D. E., and von
Eynatten, H. (2009a). Rutile crystals as potential trace element and isotope
mineral standards for microanalysis. Chemical Geology , 261:346–369.Chapter 1 J.K. P ORTER 35
Luvizotto, G. L., Zack, T., Triebold, S., and Von Eynatten, H. (2009b). Rutile
occurrence and trace element behavior in medium-grade metasedimentary
rocks: example from the Erzgebirge, Germany. Mineralogy and Petrology ,
97:233–249.
Malkovets, V . G., Rezvukhin, D. I., Belousova, E. A., Griffen, W. L., Sharygin,
I. S., Tretiakova, I. G., Gibsher, A. A., O’Reilly, S. Y., Kuzmin, D. V ., Litasov,
K. D., Logvinova, A. M., Pokhilenko, N. P ., and Sobolev, N. V . (2016). Cr-rich
rutile: A powerful tool for diamond exploration. Lithos , 265:304–311.
Meinhold, G. (2010). Rutile and its applications in earth sciences. Earth-Science
Reviews , 102:1–28.
Meinhold, G., Anders, B., Kostopoulos, D., and Reischmann, T. (2008). Ru-
tile chemistry and thermometry as provenance indicator: An example from
Chios Island, Greece. Sedimentary Geology , 203:98–111.
Meyer, M., John, T., Brandt, S., and Klemd, R. (2011). Trace element com-
position of rutile and the application of Zr-in-rutile thermometry to UHT
metamorphism (Epupa Complex, NW Namibia). Lithos , 126(3-4):388–401.
Mikucki, E. J. and Ridley, J. R. (1993). The hydrothermal ﬂuid of Archæan lode-
gold deposits at different metamorphic grades: compositional constraints
from ore and wallrock alteration assemblages. Mineralium Deposita , 28:469–
481.
Mitchell, R. H. (2015). Primary and secondary niobium mineral deposits asso-
ciated with carbonatites. Ore Geology Reviews , 64:626–641.
Mitchell, R. J. and Harley, S. L. (2017). Zr-in-rutile resetting in aluminosilicate
bearing ultra-high temperature granulites: Reﬁning the record of cooling
and hydration in the Napier Complex, Antarctica. Lithos , 272-273:128–146.36 J.K. P ORTER Section 1.4
Mogessie, A., Tessadri, R., and Veltman, C. B. (1990). EMP-AMPH-A hypercard
program to determine the name of an amphibole from electron microprobe
analysis according to the International Mineralogical Association scheme.
Computers and Geosciences , 16:309–330.
Mueller, A. G. (1990). The nature and genesis of high- and medium-temperature
Archaean gold deposits in the Yilgarn Block, Western Australia, including a speciﬁc
study of scheelite-bearing gold skarn deposits . Ph.d. dissertation, University of
Western Australia.
Mueller, A. G., Lawrence, L. M., Muhling, J., and Pooley, G. D. (2012). Miner-
alogy and PTX Relationships of the Archean South Au-Cu (Co-Bi) Deposit,
Kalgoorlie, Western Australia: Thermodynamic Constraints on the Forma-
tion of a Zoned Intrusion-Related Skarn. Economic Geology , 107:1–24.
Mueller, A. G. and McNaughton, N. J. (2018). Mineral equilibria and zircon,
garnet and titanite U-Pb ages constraining the PTt path of granite-related
hydrothermal systems at the Big Bell gold deposit, Western Australia. Min-
eralium Deposita , 53:105–126.
Muhling, J. R. (1990). The Narryer Gneiss Complex of the Yilgarn Block, West-
ern Australia: a segment of the Archean lower crust uplifted during Protero-
zoic orogeny. Journal of Metamorphic Geology , 8:47–64.
Nelson, D. (1995a). 112106: foliated monzogranite, Minyari. In Compilation of
SHRIMP U–Pb zircon geochronology data, 1994 , number 1995/3, pages 222–
225. Western Austraila Geological Survey.
Nelson, D. (1995b). 91591: porphyritic rhyolite, Tangadee. In Compilation of
SHRIMP U–Pb zircon geochronology data, 1994 , number 1995/3, pages p. 5–8.
Western Austraila Geological Survey.Chapter 1 J.K. P ORTER 37
Nelson, D. (1996). 112175: volcaniclastic rock, north of Lake Rebecca. In Com-
pilation of SHRIMP U–Pb zircon geochronology data, 1995; Record 1996/5 , pages
59–62. Western Australia Geological Survey.
Nelson, D. (1997). 127320: quartz granophyre, Mount Ada. In Compilation of
SHRIMP U–Pb zircon geochronology data, 1996, Record 1997/2 , pages 183–186.
Western Australia Geological Survey.
Nelson, D. (1998a). 142661: foliated biotite tonalite, Zebra Hill. In Compila-
tion of geochronology data, 1997, Record 1998/2 , pages 96–98. Western Australia
Geological Survey.
Nelson, D. (1998b). 142815: foliated biotite monzogranite, Mount Eureka. In
Compilation of SHRIMP U–Pb zircon geochronology data, 1997, Record 1998/2 ,
pages 12–14. Western Austraila Geological Survey.
Nelson, D. (1998c). 142842: volcaniclastic sedimentary rock, Nunyerry Gap. In
Compilation of SHRIMP U–Pb zircon geochronology data, 1997, Record 1998/2 ,
pages 59–62. Western Australia Geological Survey.
Nelson, D. (2000). 168924: volcaniclastic sedimentary rock, Whim Creek Hotel.
InCompilation of geochronology data, Record 2001/2 , pages 164–167. Western
Austraila Geological Survey.
Nelson, D. (2004). 169026: volcaniclastic metasandstone, Lawson Well;
Geochronology dataset 61. In Compilation of geochronology data, June 2006
update , pages 4–8. Western Austraila Geological Survey.
Nelson, D. (2005a). 127238: felsic tuff, Anaconda copper mine; Geochronology
dataset 577. In Compilation of geochronology data, June 2006 update . Western
Australia Geological Survey.38 J.K. P ORTER Section 1.4
Nelson, D. (2005b). 178083: metarhyolite, Gallop Well; Geochronology dataset
576. In Compilation of geochronology data, June 2006 update . Western Australia
Geological Survey.
Nijland, T. G., Harlov, D. E., and Andersen, T. (2014). The Bamble Sector, South
Norway: A review. Geoscience Frontiers , 5:635–658.
Nijland, T. G., Jansen, J. B. H., and Maijer, C. (1993). Halogen geochemistry of
ﬂuid during amphibolite-granulite metamorphism as indicated by apatite
and hydrous silicates in basic rocks from the Bamble Sector, South Norway.
Lithos , 30:167–189.
Nijland, T. G. and Touret, J. L. R. (2001). Replacement of graphic pegmatite
by graphic albite-actinolite-clino pyroxene intergrowths (Mj ˚avatn, southern
Norway). European Journal of Mineralogy , 13:41–50.
Nijland, T. G., Touret, J. L. R., and Visser, D. (1998). Anomalously Low Tem-
perature Orthopyroxene, Spinel, and Sapphirine Occurrences in Metased-
iments from the Bamble Amphibolite-to-Granulite Facies Transition Zone
(South Norway): Possible Evidence for Localized Action of Saline Fluids.
The Jounal of Geology , 106:575–590.
Pape, J., Mezger, K., and Robyr, M. (2016). A systematic evaluation of the zr-
in-rutile thermometer in ultra-high temperature (uht) rocks. Contributions to
Mineralogy and Petrology , 171(5):44.
Paton, C., Hellstrom, J., Paul, B., Woodhead, J., and Hergt, J. (2011). Iolite:
Freeware for the visualisation and processing of mass spectrometric data.
Journal of Analytical Atomic Spectrometry , 26:2508.
Pearce, T. H. (1968). A Contribution to the Theory of Variation Diagrams. Con-
tributions to Mineralogy and Petrology , 19:142–157.Chapter 1 J.K. P ORTER 39
Petersen, E. U. (1986). Tin in Volcanogenic Massive Sulﬁde Deposits: An Exam-
ple from the Geco Mine, Manitouwadge District, Ontario, Canada. Economic
Geology , 81:323–342.
Plavsa, D., Reddy, S. M., Agangi, A., Clark, C., Kylander-Clark, A., and Tiddy,
C. J. (2018). Microstructural, trace element and geochronological characteri-
zation of TiO 2polymorphs and implications for mineral exploration. Chem-
ical Geology , 476:130–149.
Porter, J. K. and Austrheim, H. (2017). Sulphide formation from granulite-
facies S-rich scapolite breakdown. Terra Nova , 29:29–35.
Putnis, A. (1978). The Mechanism of Exsolution of Hematite From Iron-Bearing
Rutile. Physics and Chemistry of Minerals , 3:183–197.
Putnis, A. and Austrheim, H. (2010). Fluid-induced processes: metasomatism
and metamorphism. Geoﬂuids , 10:254–269.
Rabbia, O. M., Hernandez, L. B., French, D. H., King, R. W., and Ayers, J. C.
(2009). The El Teniente porphyry Cu-Mo deposit from a hydrothermal rutile
perspective. Mineralium Deposita , 44:849–866.
Rice, C. M., Darke, K. E., Still, J. W., and Lachowski, E. E. (1998). Tungsten-
bearing rutile from the Kori Kollo gold mine, Bolivia. Mineralogical Magazine ,
62:421–429.
Rock, N. M. S. and Leake, B. E. (1984). The International Mineralogical As-
sociation amphibole nomenclature scheme: computerization and its conse-
quences. Mineralogical Magazine , 48:211–227.
R¨osel, D., Zack, T., and M ¨oller, A. (2018). Interpretation and signiﬁcance of
combined trace element and u–pb isotopic data of detrital rutile: a case study40 J.K. P ORTER Section 1.4
from late ordovician sedimentary rocks of saxo-thuringia, germany. Interna-
tional Journal of Earth Sciences .
Rowins, S. M. (1994). A geochemical study of the late Proterozoic gold and copper
mineralization in the Telfer district, Western Australia, with a special emphasis on
porphyry copper-gold-style deposits . Ph.d. dissertation, University of Western
Australia.
Rowins, S. M., Groves, D. I., McNaughton, N. J., Palmer, M. R., and Eldridge,
C. S. (1997). A Reinterpretation of the Role of Granitoids in the Genesis of
Neoproterozoic Gold Mineralization in the Telfer Dome, Western Australia.
Economic Geology , 92:133–160.
Salama, W., Anand, R., and Roberts, M. (2018). Cassiterite and rutile as indica-
tor minerals for exploring the VMS system. In AEGC 2018: Sydney, Australia ,
pages 1–4.
Schmidt, M. W. (1992). Amphibole composition in tonalite as a function of
pressure: an experimental calibration of the Al-in-hornblende barometer.
Contributions to Mineralogy and Petrology , 110:304–310.
Schwartz, A. J., Kumar, M., Adams, B. L., and Field, D. P . (2009). Electron
backscatter diffraction in materials science . Springer.
Scott, K. M. (1988). Phyllosilicate and rutile compositions as indicatiors of
Sn specialization in some southeastern Australian granites. Mineralium De-
posita , 23:159–165.
Scott, K. M. (2005). Rutile geochemistry as a guide to porphyry Cu–Au min-
eralization, Northparkes, New South Wales, Australia. Geochemistry: Explo-
ration, Environment, Analysis , 5:247–253.Chapter 1 J.K. P ORTER 41
Scott, K. M. and Radford, N. W. (2007). Rutile compositions at the Big Bell Au
deposit as a guide for exploration. Geochemistry: Exploration, Environment,
Analysis , 7:353–361.
Scott, K. M., Radford, N. W., Hough, R. M., and Reddy, S. M. (2011). Rutile
compositions in the Kalgoorlie Goldﬁelds and their implications for explo-
ration. Australian Journal of Earth Sciences , 58:803–812.
Sharpe, R. and Gemmell, J. B. (2002). The Archean Cu-Zn Magnetite-Rich Gos-
san Hill Volcanic-Hosted Massive Sulﬁde Deposit, Western Australia: Gen-
esis of a Multistage Hydrothermal System. Economic Geology , 97:517–539.
Skwarnecki, M. S. (1990). The regional setting and genesis of archaean mineraliza-
tion at Harbour Lights, Leonara, Western Australia . Ph.d. dissertation, Univer-
sity of Western Australia.
Smith, D. C. and Perseil, E.-A. (1997). Sb-rich rutile in the manganese concen-
trations at St . Marcel-Praborna, Aosta Valley, Italy: petrology and crystal-
chemistry. Mineralogical Magazine , 61:655–669.
Smith, R. E. (2003). GOSSAN HILL Cu-Zn-Au DEPOSIT, GOLDEN GROVE,
WESTERN AUSTRALIA. In CSIRO Exploration and Mining, K., editor, Re-
golith expression of Australian ore systems , page 3. CRC LEME, Perth.
Smith, S. J., Stevens, R., Liu, S., Li, G., Navrotsky, A., and Boerio-Goates, Ju-
liana, Woodﬁeld, B. F. (2009). Heat capacities and thermodynamic functions
of TiO2anatase and rutile: Analysis of phase stability. American Mineralogist ,
94:236–243.
Smythe, D. J., Schulze, D. J., and Brenan, J. M. (2008). Rutile as a Kimberlite In-
dicator Mineral: Minor and Trace Element Geochemistry. In 9th International
Kimberlite Conference Extended Abstract No. 9IKC-A-00193, 2008 .42 J.K. P ORTER Section 1.4
Sobolev, N. V . and Yeﬁmova, E. S. (2000). Composition and Petrogenesis of Ti-
Oxides Associated with Diamonds. International Geology Review , 42:758–767.
Tallarico, F. H. B., McNaughton, N. J., Groves, D. I., Fletcher, I. R., Figueiredo,
B. R., Carvalho, J. B., Rego, J. L., and Nunes, A. R. (2004). Geological and
SHRIMP II U-Pb constraints on the age and origin of the Breves Cu-Au-(W-
Bi-Sn) deposit, Caraj ´as, Brazil. Mineralium Deposita , 39:68–86.
Taylor, R., Clark, C., and Reddy, S. M. (2012). The effect of grain orientation on
secondary ion mass spectrometry (SIMS) analysis of rutile. Chemical Geology ,
300-301:81–87.
Taylor-Jones, K. and Powell, R. (2015). Interpreting zirconium-in-rutile ther-
mometric results. Journal of Metamorphic Geology , 33:115–122.
Templ, M., Filzmoser, P ., and Hron, K. (2009). Robust imputation of miss-
ing values in compositional data using the r-package robcompositions. New
Techniques and Technologies for Statistics, Brussels .
Tomkins, H. S., Powell, R., and Ellis, D. J. (2007). The pressure dependence of
the zirconium-in-rutile thermometer. Journal of Metamorphic Geology , 25:703–
713.
Triebold, S., von Eynatten, H., Luvizotto, G. L., and Zack, T. (2007). Deducing
source rock lithology from detrital rutile geochemistry: An example from
the Erzgebirge, Germany. Chemical Geology , 244:421–436.
Triebold, S., Luvizotto, G. L., Tolosana-Delgado, R., Zack, T., and von Eynatten,
H. (2011). Discrimination of TiO 2polymorphs in sedimentary and metamor-
phic rocks. Contributions to Mineralogy and Petrology , 161:581–596.
Triebold, S., von Eynatten, H., and Zack, T. (2012). A recipe for the use of rutile
in sedimentary provenance analysis. Sedimentary Geology , 282:268–275.Chapter 1 J.K. P ORTER 43
Tukey, J. W. (1977). Exploratory Data Analysis . Addison-Wesley, Boston.
Urban, A. J., Hoskins, B. F., and Grey, I. E. (1992). Characterization of V-Sb-W-
bearing rutile from the Hemlo gold deposit, Ontario. Canadian Mineralogist ,
30:319–326.
van Gaans, P . F. M., Vriend, S. P ., and Poorter, R. P . E. (1995). Hydrothermal
processes and shifting element association patterns in the W-Sn enriched
granite of Regoufe, Portugal. Journal of Geochemical Exploration , 55:203–222.
Velo, M. R. (2014). Low-grade Prehnite-Pumpellyite facies metamorphism in
the Bamble sector, SE-Norway. Master’s Thesis .
Vielreicher, N. M., Groves, D. I., Snee, L. W., Fletcher, I. R., and McNaughton,
N. J. (2010). Broad Synchroneity of Three Gold Mineralization Styles in the
Kalgoorlie Gold Field: SHRIMP , U-Pb, and40Ar/39Ar Geochronological Ev-
idence. Economic Geology , 105:187–227.
Vielreicher, N., Groves, D., McNaughton, N., and Fletcher, I. (2015). The tim-
ing of gold mineralization across the eastern Yilgarn craton using U – Pb
geochronology of hydrothermal phosphate minerals. Mineralium Deposita ,
50:391–428.
Vry, J. K. and Baker, J. A. (2006). LA-MC-ICPMS Pb-Pb dating of rutile from
slowly cooled granulites: Conﬁrmation of the high closure temperature for
Pb diffusion in rutile. Geochimica et Cosmochimica Acta , 70:1807–1820.
Wang, L. G., McNaughton, N. J., and Groves, D. I. (1993). An overview of the
relationship between granitoid intrusions and gold mineralisation in the Ar-
chaean Murchison Province, Western Australia. Mineralium Deposita , 28:482–
494.44 J.K. P ORTER Section 1.4
Ward, I., Merigot, K., and McInnes, B. I. A. (2018). Application of quantita-
tive mineralogical analysis in archaeological micromorphology: a case study
from barrow is., western australia. Journal of Archaeological Method and The-
ory, 25(1):45–68.
Watson, E. B., Wark, D. A., and Thomas, J. B. (2006). Crystallization thermome-
ters for zircon and rutile. Contributions to Mineralogy and Petrology , 151:413–
433.
Wingate, M. and Bodorkos, S. (2007). 177910: metamorphosed quartz sand-
stone, Peters Dam; Geochronology dataset 660. In Compilation of geochronol-
ogy data . Western Australia Geological Survey.
Wingate, M., Hollis, J., and Phillips, C. (2015a). 206184: metasandstone, Palm
Springs; Geochronology Record 1243. Geological Survey of Western Australia ,
6p.
Wingate, M., Kirkland, C., and Haines (2013a). 143784: sandstone, Dovers
Hills; Geochronology Record 1109. Geological Survey of Western Australia , 6p.
Wingate, M., Kirkland, C., and Haines, P . (2013b). 143741: sandstone, Angas
Hills; Geochronology Record 1106. Geological Survey of Western Australia , 5p.
Wingate, M., Kirkland, C., and Haines, P . (2013c). 143747: pebbly sandstone,
Pollock Hills; Geochronology Record 1107. Geological Survey of Western Aus-
tralia , 6p.
Wingate, M., Kirkland, C., and Haines, P . (2013d). 143783: sandstone, Mu Hills;
Geochronology Record 1108. Geological Survey of Western Australia , 5p.
Wingate, M., Kirkland, C., and Haines, P . (2013e). 143800: sandstone, Dinner
Hill; Geochronology Record 1111. Geological Survey of Western Australia , 6p.Chapter 1 J.K. P ORTER 45
Wingate, M., Kirkland, C., and Haines, P . (2014a). 199414: sandstone, Sir Fred-
erick Range; Geochronology Record 1190. Geological Survey of Western Aus-
tralia , 6p.
Wingate, M., Kirkland, C., and Haines, P . (2015b). 199404: sandstone, Robert
Range; Geochronology Record 1257. Geological Survey of Western Australia ,
6p.
Wingate, M., Kirkland, C., and Haines, P . (2015c). 199408: sandstone, Dixon
Range; Geochronology Record 1258. Geological Survey of Western Australia ,
6p.
Wingate, M., Kirkland, C., and Haines, P . W. (2014b). 199418: pebbly sand-
stone, Mu Hills; Geochronology Record 1191. 6p.
Wingate, M., Kirkland, C., and Haines, P . W. (2014c). 199419: sandstone brec-
cia, Mu Hills; Geochronology Record 1192. Geological Survey of Western Aus-
tralia , 5p.
Wingate, M., Kirkland, C., and Haines, P . W. (2014d). 199420: sandstone, Mu
Hills; Geochronology Record 1193. Geological Survey of Western Australia , 5p.
Wingate, M., Kirkland, C., Haines, P . W., and Hocking, R. (2013f). 199423:
sandstone, Empress 1; Geochronology Record 1112. Geological Survey of
Western Australia , 6p.
Wingate, M., Kirkland, C., Haines, P . W., and Hocking, R. (2013g). 199424:
sandstone, Empress 1; Geochronolgy Record 1113. Geological Survey of West-
ern Australia , 5p.
Wilkins, C. (1993). A post-deformational, post-peak metamorphic timing for
mineralization at the Archaean Big Bell gold deposit, Western Australia. Ore
Geology Reviews , 7:439–483.46 J.K. P ORTER Section 1.4
Williams, S. A. and Cesbron, F. P . (1977). Rutile and apatite: Useful prospecting
guides for porphyry copper deposits. Mineralogical Magazine , 41:288–292.
Wingate, M., Bodorkos, S., and Kirkland, C. (2008). 177904: quartzite, Wind-
mill Hill; Geochronology dataset 740. In Compilation of geochronology data .
Geological Survey of Western Australia.
Wingate, M., Bodorkos, S., and Van Kranendonk, M. (2009). 180067: metamor-
phosed microgranite, Reedy Creek; Geochronology Record 810. Geological
Survey of Western Australia .
Wingate, M., Kirkland, C., Blay, O., and Johnson, S. (2015a). 206994: altered
dolerite sill, Eden Bore; Geochronology Record 1264. Geological Survey of
Western Australia , pages 1–4.
Wingate, M., Kirkland, C., Blay, O., and Johnson, S. (2015b). 206995: altered
dolerite sill, Eden Bore; Geochronology Record 1265. Geological Survey of
Western Australia , pages 1–4.
Wingate, M., Kirkland, C., and Ivanic, T. (2015c). 198212: porphyritic mon-
zogranite, Meroin Rock; Geochronology Record 198212. Geological Survey of
Western Australia , pages 1–4.
Wingate, M., Kirkland, C., and Spaggiari, C. (2014a). 192530: mylonitic meta-
granite, Hercules prospect; Geochronology Record 1189. Geological Survey of
Western Australia , page 4.
Wingate, M., Kirkland, C., and Zibra, I. (2014b). 155502: monzogranite dyke,
Mundra Well. Geological Survey of Western Australia , pages 1–4.
Wingate, M., Lu, Y., Kirkland, C., and Romano, S. (2017). 207505: granodiorite,
Magnetite Island prospect; Geochronology Record 1367. Geological Survey of
Western Australia , pages 1–4.Chapter 1 J.K. P ORTER 47
Wingate, M., Lu, Y., Kirkland, C., and Spaggiari, C. (2016). 194840: metamon-
zogranite, Thistle Cove; Geochronology Record 1327. Geological Survey of
Western Australia , pages 1–4.
Zack, T., Kronz, A., Foley, S. F., and Rivers, T. (2002). Trace element abundances
in rutiles from eclogites and associated garnet mica schists. Chemical Geology ,
184:97–122.
Zack, T., Moraes, R., and Kronz, A. (2004a). Temperature dependence of Zr in
rutile: empirical calibration of a rutile thermometer. Contributions to Miner-
alogy and Petrology , 148:471–488.
Zack, T., von Eynatten, H., and Kronz, A. (2004b). Rutile geochemistry and
its potential use in quantitative provenance studies. Sedimentary Geology ,
171:37–58.
Zack, T., Stockli, D. F., Luvizotto, G. L., Barth, M. G., Belousova, E., Wolfe,
M. R., and Hinton, R. W. (2011). In situ U-Pb rutile dating by LA-ICP-MS:
208Pb correction and prospects for geological applications. Contributions to
Mineralogy and Petrology , 162:515–530.48 J.K. P ORTER Section 1.4CHAPTER 2
PAPER 1-RUTILE AS A PATHFINDER FOR
METALS EXPLORATION
Jennifer Karin Portera;b, Neal J. McNaughtona, Noreen J. Evansa, Bradley J.
McDonalda
aJohn de Laeter Centre, Curtin University, Bentley, WA, 6102, Australia
bSchool of Earth and Planetary Sciences, Curtin University, Bentley, WA, 6102, Aus-
tralia50 J.K. P ORTER Section 2.1
ABSTRACT
The use of detrital rutile as an indicator of mineralisation is contingent on the identiﬁ-
cation of trace element signatures that uniquely distinguish rutile grains derived from
mineralisation from those sourced from barren rocks. In order to discriminate rutile
sources, principal component analysis was applied to a total of 3149 LA-ICP-MS anal-
yses of rutile from ore environments (Au, Au-Cu, pegmatites, carbonatites, lampro-
phyres, VHMS) and barren igneous and metamorphic rocks. Hierarchical clustering
of the results of principal component analysis (PCA) determined Sb and Cr exhibit the
most chemical variation in ore-derived rutile. Rutile sourced from Au deposits and
enriched in Sb, can be distinguished from rutile from pegmatites, which are enriched
in Nb, Ta and Sn. Discriminating rutile from barren rocks can be done primarily using
W and Fe contents, which can also provide insight on source rocks based on metamor-
phic grade and degree of crustal input.
Clustering all rutile chemistries based on PCA of 12 elements, identiﬁed nine chem-
ically distinct groups from ore mineralisation, and barren igneous and metamorphic
rocks, primarily using variation in W and Cr contents. Two groups are solely derived
of rutile from Au ores (high versus low Sb rutile). Of the remaining seven groups, one
group is comprised mainly of rutile from pegmatites (high Nb, Ta, Sn), four groups are
comprised solely of rutile from barren rocks and two groups are a mix of ore and non-
ore rutile. Rutile from Au ore, similar to the giant Kalgoorlie and Big Bell Au deposits,
is distinctive compared to rutile from all other rocks and can be distinguished from
other ores and barren environments using multi-element clustering of PCA analysis.
Thus rutile chemistry of detrital rutile grains is a valuable tool in Au exploration.Chapter 2 J.K. P ORTER 51
2.1. I NTRODUCTION
Rutile, the high temperature TiO 2polymorph, is a common accessory mineral in meta-
morphic and hydrothermally-altered rocks associated with ore mineralisation and it
forms in highly oxidised environments (Dachille et al., 1968; Smith et al., 2009; Hanaor
and Sorrell, 2011). Trace elements incorporated in the rutile structure are primarily
high ﬁeld strength elements (HFSEs) that are similar in ionic size to Ti4+(0.6 ˚A) and
have a high oxidation state (+3 to +6). Therefore, HFSEs are the key trace elements
used to characterise the history of rutile. U-Pb dating of metal-enriched rutile from an
ore paragenesis can be used to determine the age of ore formation, while geochemical
studies of rutile and associated ore minerals can help to identify source and parental
ﬂuid features (Luvizotto et al., 2009a; Meinhold, 2010; Zack et al., 2011).
Incorporation of Zr in rutile is temperature-dependent and has been applied to de-
termining formation temperature (Watson et al., 2006; Ferry and Watson, 2007; Zack
et al., 2004a; Tomkins et al., 2007) and the thermal history of rock packages (Kooijman
et al., 2012; Meyer et al., 2011; Hart et al., 2018). Niobium and Cr in rutile have been
used as indicators of rock source (e.g., felsic vs maﬁc; Meinhold et al., 2008; Zack et al.,
2004b; Triebold et al., 2007; Luvizotto et al., 2009b). Rutile, like zircon, is a refractory
mineral that survives long distance transport and is physically and chemically sta-
ble during weathering (Meinhold, 2010; Morton and Hallsworth, 1994). Furthermore,
detrital rutile is stable within regolith for an extended period of time, retaining its
original chemical signature (Scott and Radford, 2007; Salama et al., 2018). These char-
acteristics can be exploited by developing detrital rutile chemical analysis as an ore
indicator tool for application in mineral exploration within terrains of limited bedrock
exposure.
Previous research has shown that rutile with elevated W, Sn, Sb, Ni, Cu, Cr, Ta,
Nb, V and Pb contents has been linked to known mineralisation events (Scott, 1988;
Clark and Williams-Jones, 2004; Mueller et al., 2012; Urban et al., 1992; Scott and Rad-52 J.K. P ORTER Section 2.1
ford, 2007; Meinhold, 2010; see also Table 2.1). Thus, rutile formed within ore systems
incorporates certain trace elements speciﬁc to the environment of formation, thereby
making it possible to identify rutile from different ore deposit types based on trace
element content. However, these studies show the identiﬁcation of anomalous trace
elements within rutile is not always unique to ore type (Table 2.1). For example, rutile
enriched in Cu may be derived from porphyry, IOCG and PGE ores (Williams and Ces-
bron, 1977; Czamanske et al., 1981; Clark and Williams-Jones, 2004; Scott, 2005; Rabbia
et al., 2009) and W has been identiﬁed as an anomaly in skarns, pegmatites, Au and
VHMS deposits. The non-uniqueness in trace elements contents in rutile highlights
the need for a more robust discriminator.
TABLE 2.1: Summary of trace element enrichments found in rutile from dif-
ferent ore types.
Mineralisation
typeMajor
ele-
mentsOther ele-
mentsDeposit Reference
VHMS Sn Cu, W Kidd Creek, Ansil,
Matagami, Langlois, Geco,
Golden Grove, ScuddlesPetersen (1986); Clark and Williams-
Jones (2004); Salama et al. (2018)
Au W, Sb V , Fe Witwatersrand, Big Bell,
Red Lake, Hemlo, Murun-
tau, Tropicana, Kori Kollo,
Golden Mile, Mt CharlotteGraham and Morris (1973); Harris (1989);
Urban et al. (1992); Rice et al. (1998);
Clark et al. (2000); Scott and Radford
(2007); Scott et al. (2011); Doyle et al.
(2015)
Porphyry Cu W, V , Sn, Mo,
FeNorthparkes, San Manuel, El
Teniente, Ajo, BinghamWilliams and Cesbron (1977); Scott
(2005); Rabbia et al. (2009); Czamanske
et al. (1981)
Pegmatite-granite Nb, Ta W, Sb, Sn, Fe Pilok, McGuire, Green-
bushes, Breves, Minnie
CreekScott (1988); van Gaans et al. (1995);
Cern ´y et al. (1999); Clark and Williams-
Jones (2004); Klementov ´a and Rieder
(2004); Tallarico et al. (2004); Plavsa et al.
(2018)
IOCG (Au-Cu-U) W, Sn,
CuTa, Nb Olympic Dam, SA Clark and Williams-Jones (2004)
PGE-Ni-Cu (Pd) Ni, Cu Lac-des-Iles Clark and Williams-Jones (2004)
Skarn W V , Sn, Pb, Cu,
FeGasp ´e, Mt Linsay, Hanan
SouthClark and Williams-Jones (2004); Kwak
(1983); Mueller et al. (2012)
Kimberlite, eclogite Cr Mg, Al Mir Sobolev and Yeﬁmova (2000); Smythe
et al. (2008); Malkovets et al. (2016)
Carbonatite Nb, Ta W, Sn, V , Fe Chuktukon, Oka Chebotarev et al. (2017); Mitchell (2015)
To determine if there is a systematic incorporation of certain trace elements into
rutile of speciﬁc ore types, a study was conducted by Clark and Williams-Jones (2004)
on rutile from VHMS and orogenic Au deposits. They compiled electron microprobe
(EMP) compositional data from deposits around the world, and primarily from the
Canadian Shield. For orogenic Au deposits, a ternary diagram was developed whereby
Ti, 100*(Fe+Cr+V) and 1000*W abundances (Figure 2.1) were plotted to highlight ru-
tile with anomalous W contents. Rutile from ore zones and sub-ore zones had elevatedChapter 2 J.K. P ORTER 53
W contents, plotting within the dashed area of Figure 2.1. Analyses of WO 3in rutile
from wallrock typically fell below the detection limit of the EMP . A similar ternary
diagram was developed for VHMS deposits using Sn instead of W in the lower right
apex of the diagram.
FIGURE 2.1: Ternary diagram of W content in rutile from ore zones and sub-
ore zones of Au deposits as analysed with electron microprobe (EMP), mod-
iﬁed from Clark and Williams-Jones (2004). Rutile from unaltered wallrock
plots in the stippled zone below the detection limit for WO 3on an EMP .
Beyond this study, there has been little detailed investigation on the incorporation
of trace elements in rutile in different ore deposits or ore types, or quantiﬁcation of
the differences in rutile chemistry within alteration zones, wallrock and ore zones of
the same deposit. Furthermore, it is not known if trace elements are incorporated
into rutile in unique compositional patterns speciﬁc to certain ore systems or whether
similar trace elements patterns are seen in rutile from barren rocks, or rocks not known
to be associated with ore systems. If a consistent pattern related to the detection and
relative enrichment of these elements can be identiﬁed, they can act as tracers for the
formation conditions and types of mineralisation (Clark and Williams-Jones, 2004).54 J.K. P ORTER Section 2.1
2.1.1. R UTILE AS AN ORE PATHFINDER
Rutile is present in many metallic ore deposits, in both the ore and in alteration zones,
often surpassing the ore minerals in frequency and abundance, but still carrying trace
elements that can identify the ore forming conditions under which they formed. Iden-
tifying this rutile away from the ore minerals, either in situ and distal to mineralisa-
tion, or as a post-weathering heavy mineral separate can be key to exploration in areas
of cover.
Although reported as stable at high temperatures and pressures, rutile also forms
at lower greenschist facies conditions (Clark and Williams-Jones, 2004). Generally at
temperatures <420 °C, anatase and possibly brookite, becomes the more stable poly-
morph of TiO 2(Dachille et al., 1968; Smith et al., 2009; Hanaor and Sorrell, 2011). The
phase of TiO 2should be established before trace element assessment can be considered
robust (Triebold et al., 2011; Plavsa et al., 2018). Rutile, anatase and brookite have dif-
ferent crystallographic dimensions and incorporate trace elements differently within
their structure at different formation conditions, therefore the chemistry of anatase
and brookite cannot be used in the same way as that of rutile. Anatase that has formed
from the breakdown of previously formed rutile may, however, retain the trace ele-
ments that were originally incorporated when the rutile formed (Triebold et al., 2011).
The polymorph phase may be determined through electron backscattered diffraction
(EBSD) analysis, Raman spectroscopy or, with lower certainty, by applying the Cr, V ,
Fe and Nb contents in rutile to a linear discriminant analysis algorithm developed by
Triebold et al. (2011).
In order for rutile to be useful to mineral exploration, it has to have a distinct chem-
ical signature related to an ore type and retain that signature through weathering, and
potentially lengthy sediment transport and deposition. Sands and siliciclastic detrital
deposits can naturally concentrate detrital rutile grains and can be targeted as a sam-
pling media for exploration for metallic ores located upstream. Salama et al. (2018)Chapter 2 J.K. P ORTER 55
identiﬁed rutile concentrated in silcrete duricrust, one of the few resistant minerals
to survive intense weathering as a cap to the Scuddles and Golden Grove VHMS de-
posits. Rutile has kept its characteristic trace element chemistry in the regolith around
the Big Bell Au deposit and in saprolite and soils around porphyry-derived minerali-
sation (Scott, 2005; Scott and Radford, 2007).
This study tested the use of HFSEs as ore discriminants, and ore indicator elements
were correlated with those in rutile from known metallic occurrences and associations
with known mineralisation events. In situ laser ablation inductively coupled plasma
mass spectrometry (LA-ICP-MS) analysis was performed to detect trace elements at
lower limits than other methods; (e.g., EMP) and to allow for thousands of multi-
element analyses to be conducted in a short timeframe. Information on rutile trace el-
ement chemistry was obtained both from known mineralisation and from barren rocks
in order to test for similarities in HFSE chemistry and verify if and/or how anoma-
lous HFSE enrichments can identify ore-derived rutile. This has expanded the ability
to construct statistically signiﬁcant datasets that can be applied to metals exploration.
2.2. M ETHODS
2.2.1. S AMPLE SELECTION
Two main groups of rocks were identiﬁed for rutile sampling: those related to ores
and ore systems, and those from barren or background igneous and metamorphic
rocks. In order to identify elements that are unique to speciﬁc ore systems, rutile was
sourced from as many different ore types as possible in Western Australia including
from known Au, Au-Cu, lamprophyre, carbonatite, pegmatite and VHMS deposits.
Ore-related samples were selected primarily from the University of Western Aus-
tralia’s (UWA’s) museum archives (http://www.earthmuseum.see.uwa.edu.au) and56 J.K. P ORTER Section 2.2
former PhD theses (see references in Tables 2.2 and 2.3). Samples were identiﬁed and
located either as polished thin sections already made from previous research, or as
hand samples curated in the UWA Geology Museum, having already been identiﬁed
as containing rutile. Existing grain mounts containing rutile from known Au deposits
in the Yilgarn, WA (Figure 2.2), were also provided by previous researchers, and explo-
ration and mining companies (see Tables 2.2 and 2.3). A total of 70 different samples
from 28 known ore deposits were collected. A map showing the location of analysed
samples from WA is presented in Figure 2.2 and a summary of their sources and re-
spective references are presented in Tables 2.2 and 2.3.
FIGURE 2.2: General geological map of Western Australia indicating the lo-
cation of studied deposits, their respective ore types and GSWA samples for
background igneous-metamorphic rocks.Chapter 2 J.K. P ORTER 57
In addition to individual samples, systematic sampling was undertaken at the Lake
View Lode and Golden Pike Lode Au veins by Bartram (1969). Rutile-bearing samples
were taken at consistent intervals away from the mineralised veins in order to char-
acterise rutile chemistry with increasing distance from the ore zone and into different
alteration zones (Table 2.2).
New samples taken for this study come from the Bentley and Nimbus VHMS de-
posits, and the Boddington Au-Cu deposit. At Nimbus, sampling near the massive
ore was not possible due to drill core degradation, so samples were taken close to
the stringer zones and in the dacite wallrock within the deposits (Barrote et al., 2019).
Four samples from Bentley VHMS contained rutile of sufﬁcient size to analyse (e.g., ≥
15m), two samples from the stringer zone and two samples from the disseminated
massive sulphides of the upper ore body (Table 2.3). Four rutile-bearing samples were
identiﬁed in Boddington Au-Cu deposit: two from the mineralisation, one from the
actinolite zone and one from the diorite host rock that is not associated directly with
mineralisation (Table 2.3).
Background and/or barren samples were sourced from the GSWA geochronology
collection (www.dmp.wa.gov.au). Rutile was searched using the TIMA database of
mineral assemblages from heavy mineral separates and their associated zircon frac-
tions (http://portal.auscope.org). Of these, 31 samples were identiﬁed as having ru-
tile large enough and in sufﬁcient quantity to analyse. These data were supplemented
by museum samples, standards and rutile sourced from collaborators outside Aus-
tralia. A complete list of samples from background igneous and metamorphic rocks,
their location and reference is presented in Table 2.4. Although these rutile samples
were collected as background examples away from mineralisation, a few were col-
lected from drillholes made in association with exploration projects. These samples
may carry or be affected by nearby mineralisation or associated alteration. These sam-
ples are identiﬁed in Table 2.4. There is a bias in the barren rock dataset toward rutile
from more felsic or fractionated rocks as rutile is not common in unaltered maﬁc vol-58 J.K. P ORTER Section 2.2
canics, which are more likely to contain ilmenite as their primary Ti-bearing mineral.
Rocks higher in Ca and Si contents, such as calcsilicates, can have titanite as the pri-
mary Ti-bearing mineral. Thus examples of rutile from these rock types are excluded
from this study due to this natural sampling bias. Further complexities related to
sampling are explained in Appendix C.
TABLE 2.2: Sample summary from ore rocks including rock type, location and reference. Included
are the resultant groups from clustering the ore sourced rutile chemistry (Group A, see Section 2.3.1) and
from clustering the combined datasets (Group C, see Section 2.3.3). Numbers in brackets represent a group
attributed to a minority of analyses within a sample. Sph = sphalerite, feet = ’.
Sample Group
CGroup
ARock Type Location Reference
102937 2 2 Au Harbour Lights Skwarnecki, 1990; Jones, 2014; Mikucki and Ridley, 1993
N17-24 2 2 Au Tropicana (Boston Shaker) Doyle et al., 2015
04-89 2 4 Au Kalgoorlie Vielreicher et al., 2016; Bateman and Hagemann, 2004
04-90 2 4 Au Kalgoorlie Vielreicher et al., 2016; Bateman and Hagemann, 2004
03-13 2 4 Au Golden Pike, at lode Vielreicher et al., 2010, 2016; Bateman and Hagemann, 2004
51667 2 4 Au Golden Pike, 0.25’ from lode Bartram, 1969; Vielreicher et al., 2010
04-40 2 4 Au Mt. Charlotte Vielreicher et al., 2016; Bateman and Hagemann, 2004;
Mikucki and Ridley, 1993
MDC 82 2 4 Au Big Bell Wilkins, 1993; Graham and Morris, 1973; Scott and Radford,
2007; Mueller and McNaughton, 2018; Wang et al., 1993
N16-48 2 4 Au Big Bell Wilkins, 1993; Graham and Morris, 1973; Scott and Radford,
2007; Mueller and McNaughton, 2018; Wang et al., 1993
S396 2 4 Au Big Bell Wilkins, 1993; Graham and Morris, 1973; Scott and Radford,
2007; Mueller and McNaughton, 2018; Wang et al., 1993
S4005 2 4 Au Big Bell, pegmatite dyke Wilkins, 1993; Graham and Morris, 1973; Scott and Radford,
2007; Mueller and McNaughton, 2018; Wang et al., 1993
51618 2 4 Au Lake View Lode, at
lode, bleachedBartram, 1969
51619 2 4 Au Lake View Lode, 3’
from lode, bleachedBartram, 1969
103275 2 4, 5 Au Gwalia Hodkiewicz, 2003; Hodkiewicz et al., 2009; Skwarnecki, 1990
120951 2 4, 5 Au Golden Kilometre Gebre-Mariam, 1994
119617 2 2, 5 Au Hopes Hill Bloem et al., 1994
120975 2 5 Au Royal Standard Gebre-Mariam, 1994
N16-49 2 5 Au Hercules, drillhole NLD-210 Kirkland et al., 2015
N16-50 2 5 Au Hercules, drillhole NLD-210 Kirkland et al., 2015
C41 2 5 Au Jubilee Vielreicher et al., 2010, 2016; Bateman and Hagemann, 2004
104361 2 5 Au Victory-Deﬁance Ho et al., 1994; Hodkiewicz, 2003
104369 2 (1) 5 Au Victory-Deﬁance Ho et al., 1994; Hodkiewicz, 2003
VB4 2 (3) 5 (3) VHMS Nimbus, sph veins in dacite Hollis et al., 2017; Barrote et al., 2019
04-46 2 (4) 5 (3) Au Kanowna Belle Vielreicher et al., 2010, 2016; Bateman and Hagemann, 2004
04-47 2 (4) 5 (4) Au Kanowna Belle Vielreicher et al., 2010, 2016; Bateman and Hagemann, 2004
C121 2, 4 3, 5 Au Jupiter Vielreicher et al., 2010, 2016; Bateman and Hagemann, 2004;
Duuring et al., 2007
99814 3 3 Au Boorara Ho, 1986
98-18 3 3 lamprophyre Paringa Mueller, 1990
109710 3 3 lamprophyre Paringa Mueller, 1990
51615 3 3 Au Lake View Lode, 11’
from lode, chloritisedBartram, 1969
51617 3 3 Au Lake View Lode, 20’
from lode, chloritisedBartram, 1969
51669 3 (2) 3 (4) Au Golden Pike, 0.25’ from lode Bartram, 1969
51670 3 3 Au Golden Pike, 1’ from lode Bartram, 1969; Vielreicher et al., 2010
51671 3 3 Au Golden Pike, 3’ from lode Bartram, 1969; Vielreicher et al., 2010
51672 3 3 (4) Au Golden Pike, 7’ from lode Bartram, 1969; Vielreicher et al., 2010Chapter 2 J.K. P ORTER 59
TABLE 2.3: Sample summary from ore rocks including rock type, location and reference continued
from Table 2.2. Included are the resultant groups from clustering the ore sourced rutile chemistry (Group
A, see Section 2.3.1) and from clustering the combined datasets (Group C, see Section 2.3.3). Numbers
in brackets represent a group attributed to a minority of analyses within a sample. Py = pyrite, sph =
sphalerite, cpy = chacopyrite, prh = pyrrhotite
Sample Group
CGroup
ARock
TypeLocation Reference
112130 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer Rowins et al., 1997; Rowins, 1994
112132 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer Rowins et al., 1997; Rowins, 1994
111942 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer Rowins et al., 1997; Rowins, 1994
MDC6188 1 2 pegmatite Greenbushes, New Zealand Gully WA Museum Collection, Klementov ´a and Rieder, 2004
109707 1, 3, 4 2, 3 lamprophyre Paringa Mueller, 1990
124133 1, 4 3 carbonatite Speewah Alvin, 1998
124128 3, 4 (1) 3 carbonatite Speewah Alvin, 1998
VB24 3 (2) 3, 5 VHMS Nimbus, sph + py in
massive daciteHollis et al., 2017
VB9 4 2 VHMS Nimbus, dacite with
fuchsiteHollis et al., 2017; Barrote et al., 2019
VB21 4 3 VHMS Nimbus, massive un-
altered daciteHollis et al., 2017; Barrote et al., 2019
08-25 4 3 Au Tropicana (Havana) Doyle et al., 2015
109271 1 3 Au Lady Bountiful Cassidy and Bennett, 1993; Cassidy, 1992; Duuring et al.,
2007
C124 1 3 lamprophyre Kalgoorlie Vielreicher et al., 2016; Bateman and Hagemann, 2004
C43 1 (2) 5 lamprophyre Shea West Vielreicher et al., 2016; Bateman and Hagemann, 2004
S3161 1 5 pegmatite Wolfram Field, Queensland WA Museum Collection
S4013 1 5 pegmatite Air Motor Sn Mine, Queensland WA Museum Collection
SP2 1 5 Au-Cu Boddington, cpy+prh Cassidy et al., 1998; Allibone et al., 1998
AC2 1 5 Au-Cu Boddington, actinolite zone Cassidy et al., 1998; Allibone et al., 1998
DI1 1 (2,4) 5 Au-Cu Boddington, diorite Cassidy et al., 1998; Allibone et al., 1998
SP3 1, 4 5 Au-Cu Boddington, cpy+prh Cassidy et al., 1998; Allibone et al., 1998
MDC2369 1 5 pegmatite Yinnietharra WA Museum collection
GC01A 1 6 carbonatite Gifford Creek Muhling, 1990
MDC2414 5 6 pegmatite Yinnietharra, Woolshed, 15mE WA Museum collection
N17B-11 5 6 VHMS Bentley, disseminated
massive sulphidesHollis et al., 2015, 2017; Huston et al., 2014;
Belford et al., 2015
N17B-15 5 6 VHMS Bentley, disseminated
massive sulphidesHollis et al., 2015, 2017; Huston et al., 2014;
Belford et al., 2015
N17B-3 5 6 VHMS Bentley, stringer zone,
py+sph in rhyoliteHollis et al., 2015, 2017; Huston et al., 2014;
Belford et al., 2015
N17B-9 5 6 VHMS Bentley, stringer zone,
py+sph in rhyoliteHollis et al., 2015, 2017; Huston et al., 2014;
Belford et al., 2015
S1118 5 7 pegmatite Ampangabe, Madagascar WA Museum collection
S2333A 5 7 pegmatite Poona WA Museum collection
S394 5 7 pegmatite Harrison’s Reward WA Museum collection
S400 5 7 pegmatite Monger’s Lake, South Yalgoo WA Museum collection
S473 5 7 pegmatite Mt. Tsaramanga, Madagascar WA Museum collection
MDC1005 7 1 pegmatite Yinnietharra, 6mN WA Museum collection
MDC559 7 1 pegmatite Yinnietharra, NW WA Museum collection
S3999 7 1 pegmatite SE corner, Yinnietharra WA Museum collection60 J.K. P ORTER Section 2.2
TABLE 2.4: Sample summary of the igneous and metamorphic rocks including rock type, location and
reference. Included are the resultant groups from clustering the background igneous and metamorphic
sourced rutile chemistry (Group B, see Section 2.3.2) and from clustering the combined datasets (Group
C, see Section 2.3.3). Numbers in brackets represent a group attributed to a minority of analyses within a
sample.
Sample Group
CGroup
BRock Type Location Reference
189937 1 3 biotite monzogranite Lewis Granite, Granites-Tanami Orogen Lu et al., 2018
195231 1, 8 3 biotite granite Warakuma Supersuite, Musgrave Province Kirkland et al., 2014a
142842 1 3 volcanigenic sandstone Mt. Ada, Pilbara Nelson, 1998c
114350 1 3 metadacite Mount Sholl, Pilbara Nelson, 2004
168924 1 3 volcaniclastic sedimentary Whim Creek Group Nelson, 2000
206995 1 3 altered dolerite sill Kulkatharra dolerite, Warakurna SS Wingate et al., 2015b
174662 1 3 granophyre Warakurna SS, Musgrave Province Kirkland et al., 2010
179449 1 3 biotite monzogranite Wartu Monzogranite, Yilgarn Wingate et al., 2009
198212 1 3 (4) porphyritic monzogranite Tuckanarra Suite, Murchison, Youanmi Wingate et al., 2015c
192507 1 4 granitic gneiss Salmon Gums Project, Munglinup Gneiss Kirkland et al., 2013
112175 1, 4, 6 1, 4 meta-felsic volcaniclastic Kurnalpi Domain, Eastern Goldﬁelds Nelson, 1996
169026 4 (1,2) 3 (4) volcaniclastic metasandstone Panorama Fm, Warrawoona Gp, Pilbara Nelson, 2004
178083 4 4 metarhyolite Panorama Formation, Pilbara Nelson, 2005b
127320 4, 5 4 quartz granophyre Mt. Ada, Pilbara (Cleaverville Fm?) Nelson, 1997
199021 4, 5 4 quartz-muscovite schist Southern Cross greenstone belt, Youanmi Lu et al., 2017
127238 4 (1,3) 5 (3) bedded felsic tuff Anaconda Cu Mine, Eastern Goldﬁelds Nelson, 2005a
178119 4 5 dolerite dyke Yilgarn Craton
91591 5 3 porphyritic rhyolite ﬂow Coobarra Formation, Capricorn Nelson, 1995b
195673 5 3 felsic granofels Scamp Fm, Bentley Supergroup, Musgrave Kirkland et al., 2014b
192530 6 1 mylonitic metagranite Hercules prospect, Tropicana Zone Wingate et al., 2014a
206994 6 1 altered dolerite sill Kulkatharra dolerite, Capricorn Wingate et al., 2015a
N17-09 6 1 amphibolite Narryer Terrane Muhling, 1990
N17-11 6 1 kyanite garnet Narryer Terrane Muhling, 1990
Inga, R632 6 2 spinel-pargasite anorthite Madagascar Axelsson et al., 2018
142661 6 3 foliated biotite tonalite Cheratta Granitoid Complex, Munni Munni Nelson, 1998a
180067 6 4 meta-microgranite/rhyolite Gobbos Granodiorite, Pilbara Wingate et al., 2009
112106 6 4 foliated monzogranite Mount Crofton granitoid, Telfer region Nelson, 1995a
142815 6 4 foliated biotite monzogranite Eastern Goldﬁelds Nelson, 1998b
155502 6 4 monzogranite dyke Big Bell Suite, Austin Downs SS, Murchison Wingate et al., 2014b
194840 6 4 metamonzogranite Truslove Suite, Esperance Supersuite Wingate et al., 2016
199051 6 4 igneous biotite granite Southern Cross Domain
207505 6 4 granodiorite Magnetite Island prospect, Southern Cross Wingate et al., 2017
SDA 6 4 SDA xenolith Pilbara Bickle et al., 1989
N17-08 6 4 SDA xenolith Pilbara Bickle et al., 1989
N17-12 6, 7 5 (1) sheared garnet gneiss Narryer Terrane Muhling, 1990
TJF6-335 7 (6) 5 (1) garnet-pyroxene amphibolite Brazil dos Santos et al., 2009, 2015
N17-10 7 5 sheared amphibolite Narryer Terrane Muhling, 1990
182476 7 5 migmatitic granitic gneiss Big Red Prospect, Recherche SS, Albany-Fraser Kirkland et al., 2012
WHC-02 7 5 granulite quartzite Windmill Hill, West Yilgarn Clark et al., 2000; Wingate
et al., 2008
WHC-03 7 5 granulite quartzite Windmill Hill, West Yilgarn Clark et al., 2000; Wingate
et al., 2008
192531 6, 8 1 metagranite Atlantis prospect, Hercules Gneiss, Tropicana Kirkland et al., 2014c
N17-44 A–C 8 (6) 1 strained granulite Lind ˚as Nappe, Holsnøy, Norway Moore et al., 2019
N17-44 D–G 8 (6) 1 hydrated granulite Lind ˚as Nappe, Holsnøy, Norway Moore et al., 2019
TJF6-302 8 1 retro-eclogite Forquilha eclogite zone dos Santos et al., 2009, 2015
WT8-53E 8 1 inclusion in garnet Brazil dos Santos et al., 2009, 2015
N17-13 8 6 albitite Bamble, Norway Porter et al., in review
N17-14 8 6 metagabbro Bamble, Norway Porter et al., in review
N17-33 8 6 scapolite fels Bamble, Norway Porter et al., in review
N17-34 8 6 metagabbro Bamble, Norway Porter et al., in review
N17-35 8 6 albitite Bamble, Norway Porter et al., in review
N17-01 9 2 pegmatite Wodgina, Pilbara Ewing, 2011, WA Museum
S4006 9 2 pegmatite Wodgina, Pilbara Ewing, 2011, WA MuseumChapter 2 J.K. P ORTER 61
2.2.2. I MAGING
Rutile from ore rocks were made into polished thin sections for in situ analysis, pre-
serving textural relationships between the rutile, ore rock and mineralisation. Barren
samples of igneous and metamorphic origin were made into 25 mm diameter epoxy
grain mounts from heavy mineral separates in order to increase the rutile percentage
within the grain population. The Tescan Mira3 TIMA with four PulsTor SDD X-ray
detectors at the John de Laeter Centre (JdLC), Curtin University, Perth, Australia was
utilised in order to quickly identify mineralogical phases in both epoxy mounts and
polished thin sections. The four different EDX X-ray detectors, in combination with
a YAG scintillator back-scatter electron (BSE) detector, allowed the TIMA to quickly
identify small or rare grains of TiO 2(Figure 2.3A) (Ward et al., 2018). This is impor-
tant for exploration as it replaces more traditional time consuming and less reliable
techniques, such as optical microscopy.
FIGURE 2.3: A. An example of a TIMA phase map of part of a thin section
from the Boddington deposit, Actinolite Zone (Sample AC2). B. An EBSD
image of a heavy mineral separate, detrital grain mount set in epoxy, with
Zr overlay used to distinguish rutile (yellow) from zircon (light green) and
anatase (red). Also shown is quartz (blue), grey grains have not been indexed
and black is the surrounding epoxy.
BSE and EBSD imaging was carried out to assess phase, size and textural relation-
ships, and to identify targets for LA-ICP-MS analysis. Further imaging of rutile grains62 J.K. P ORTER Section 2.2
was done using the scanning electron microscope (SEM) in the Microscopy and Mi-
croanalysis Facility at the JdLC, Curtin University, with the Tescan Mira3 VP-FESEM
with Oxford Instruments X-Max 150 SDD X-ray detector, NordlysNano EBSD detector
and processed using AZtec software.
Further preparation for EBSD analysis included polishing samples for approxi-
mately four hours using 0.1 m colloidal silica in NaOH solution. The ﬁne polish was
required to produce clear diffraction patterns for structural identiﬁcation between the
different polymorph types (rutile, anatase, brookite), as well as to identify the pres-
ence of subgrain boundaries within individual grains. A thin carbon coat (10 nm) was
applied and a 20 kV acceleration voltage was used at a working distance of 20 mm.
A step size of between 3 and 10 m was used depending on sample size. Diffraction
patterns were compared to a catalogue of known minerals and indexed to the mineral
with the lowest mean angular deviation (MAD), typically <1° (Humphreys, 2001;
Schwartz et al., 2009). Noise reduction for single pixel spikes was performed using
Channel 5 software.
To determine polymorph phase, overlays of EDS compositional maps plus EBSD
images were created to ensure any minerals with identical diffraction patterns, such
as zircon and rutile, were not misidentiﬁed (Figure 2.3B).
2.2.3. LA-ICP-MS
LA-ICP-MS rutile trace element analyses were completed at the GeoHistory Facility
in the JdLC, Curtin University, Perth, Australia. Individual rutile grains were ablated
using a Resonetics RESOlution M-50A-LR, incorporating a Compex 102 excimer laser.
The sample cell was ﬂushed with ultra-high purity He (350 mL min-1) and N2(3.8
mL min-1). Isotopic intensities were measured using an Agilent 7700s quadrupole
ICP-MS, with high purity Ar as the plasma gas (ﬂow rate 1 L min-1).
International glasses TiG (Jochum et al., 2010), BCR-2G and BHVO (Jochum et al.,Chapter 2 J.K. P ORTER 63
2007); and natural rutile standards R10 (Luvizotto et al., 2009a) and Wodgina, WA,
characterised for trace elements (Ewing, 2011) were used as the primary and sec-
ondary standards to calculate elemental concentrations using47Ti as the internal stan-
dard isotope, and to correct for instrument drift and monitor accuracy and precision.
A Ti content of 59.95% in rutile was assumed. Standard blocks were typically run after
20 unknown analyses.
Two cleaning pulses preceded a 30 s period of baseline count acquisition and 40 s
ablations at a 4 Hz repetition rate using a 50, 33, 22 or 15 m beam and laser energy
of 2 Jcm-2. Thirty-four isotopes were monitored for 0.01 s each. The time-resolved
mass spectra were reduced using the Trace Element data reduction scheme in Iolite 3.5
(Paton et al., 2011, and references therein). During the time-resolved analysis, con-
tamination from inclusions was monitored and the inclusion-free part of the signal
was integrated.
Analyses from ore-derived rutile were collected for 70 different samples for a total
of 1074 laser spots. Fifty-two different igneous-metamorphic samples were analysed
for 2075 laser spots. Thirty-four isotopes (24Mg,27Al,28Si,29Si,32S,43Ca,44Ca,45Sc,
47Ti,49Ti,51V ,52Cr,57Fe,60Ni,63Cu,66Zn,89Y,90Zr,93Nb,95Mo,118Sn120Sn,121Sb,178Hf,
181Ta,182W,202Hg,204Pb,206Pb,207Pb,208Pb,209Bi,232Th,238U) were analysed over 23
sessions.
The trace element results for primary and secondary standards indicated that for
the 50 and 33 m spots, accuracy and analytical precision was better than 5% for most
elements. For the 23 m spot size, accuracy was better than 5% for most elements, but
precision decreased to <10%, except for Mo and Sb which were <20%. For the 15
m, precision was <10% for V , Zr, Nb, Ta, W and Cr and <20% for Sn, Sb, and U.64 J.K. P ORTER Section 2.2
2.2.4. S TATISTICAL METHODS
In order to perform multivariate statistical analysis, the null points, or values below
the detection limit for a given element, were removed and replaced either with a num-
ber equal to half the detection limit, or when this value was not calculated, by a value
generated by imputation on nearest neighbours. The k-nearest neighbour method
developed by Hron et al. (2010) and found in the R-Package robCompositions (Templ
et al., 2009) was utilised. In total, 866 missing values were imputed out of 30,072 com-
positional points ( <2% of analyses). Elements with over 40% imputed values were
eliminated from further analysis (e.g., Bi). The data were scaled and centred for each
trace element whereby the content of each analysis was subtracted from the mean of
the total for each element. This equalised all trace element compositions to ensure
those with naturally higher contents (e.g., Fe and W) did not dominate the chemical
variation of the total dataset, and all elements were equally weighted (Grunsky and
Kjarsgaard, 2016).
The trace element chemistry of rutile is reﬂective of the processes that formed the
mineral, including ﬂuid composition and wallrock chemistry, but is also reﬂective of
the stoichiometry and structure of the mineral itself. These processes and stoichiomet-
ric control can be independent, but also entirely or partially correlated (Grunsky and
Kjarsgaard, 2016), and therefore can impose structure on composition; i.e., with cou-
pled substitution to maintain charge. Closure, the natural correlation of elements that
are adopted into a mineral structure in an organised stoichiometric pattern, causes a
natural linear correlation for some elements. For example, elements occupying one
particular site within a crystallographic lattice will total 100% to satisfy the chemi-
cal formula. When analysing multivariate compositional data, in order to identify
elements introduced by geologic processes rather than by structural control, log ra-
tio transformation was used to overcome this problem (Pearce, 1968; Aitchison, 1986,
1999; Egozcue et al., 2003; Grunsky, 2010).Chapter 2 J.K. P ORTER 65
Principal component analysis (PCA), a process of reducing the dimensionality of
multivariate compositional data was applied to the dataset after centred logratio trans-
formation using the R package robCompositions (Templ et al., 2011). PCA ﬁlters the
noise, random patterns and/or under-sampled processes of a multivariate system and
simpliﬁes and highlights the major processes usually using the ﬁrst few principal com-
ponents (Grunsky, 2010; Grunsky and Kjarsgaard, 2016). The procedure used in this
study to critically assess large geochemical datasets using robust statistical analysis
including PCA was primarily derived from Grunsky (2010) and Grunsky and Kjars-
gaard (2016). PCA ﬁnds a linear combination for each set of variables in a dataset
while maintaining the variance in each of the variables. PCA reduces the dimension-
ality of the dataset by creating weighted linear combinations of the variables that ac-
count for maximum variance. A regression line is ﬁt through the data to minimise
residual error and is assigned as the ﬁrst principal component, PC1, to be parallel to
the direction of the vector with the most variance. Each point is projected onto the
line, the distance of the point from the line is recorded as a component or score. Load-
ings show the magnitude of the effect an element had on the scores for each principal
component. Each successive principal component accounts for a corresponding lesser
amount of variance. The second principal component, PC2, is orthogonal and un-
correlated to PC1 and represents the length of the vector with second most variance.
Associated weights for each variable reﬂect their corresponding variance.
Data were visualised using the scores and loadings of two principal components,
usually the ﬁrst two, which account for the most variation in the dataset. As the ele-
mental loadings represent the effect that each element has on the data, the farther the
element plots from the origin, the more variance is explained for that component. If
two elements have loadings of the same direction and length, e.g., Nb and Ta, they are
correlated outside of the structural bias of untransformed data and explain the same
amount of variance in the data. Here, the scores and loadings for each PC are plotted
separately for better visualisation, due to the large number of analyses. Scores of PC1
and PC2 are plotted in Figures 2.7C, 2.10C and 2.12C, for the ore, barren and com-66 J.K. P ORTER Section 2.3
bined datasets, respectively. Loadings are plotted in Figures 2.7D, 2.10D and 2.12D.
Scree plots show the amount of variance explained by each PC. These are plotted in
Figures 2.7B, 2.10B and 2.12B.
After PCA, hierarchical clustering, a form of unsupervised machine learning, was
applied to the dataset. Both hierarchical and k-means clustering were assessed and
hierarchical clustering, using the ‘ward.2’ method for compositional data was deter-
mined to be the best in distinguishing rutile from different ores, and igneous and
metamorphic sources. The data were clustered independently using similarities of
chemistry, without predeﬁning groups, in order to identify naturally similar chemical
groups of rutile.
Twelve of the analysed elements were chosen for further evaluation due to their
potential as ore discriminants. The principal components of V , Cr, Fe, Zr, Nb, Mo, Sn,
Sb, Hf, Ta, W and U were clustered for comparison. These elements, predominantly
HFSEs, were considered because analytical precision and accuracy was excellent even
at small laser spot sizes ( >15m). The analytical precision for elements commonly
associated with silicates, such as Mg, Al and Ca, decreased enough at small spot sizes
to affect their variance within the dataset. These trace elements were eliminated from
further processing to avoid artiﬁcially clustering data that were affected by spot size.
2.3. R ESULTS
A preliminary comparison was made between the data collected for this study and
previously compiled data for W anomalies in orogenic Au deposits (Clark and Williams-
Jones, 2004; Figure 2.1). The majority of rutile analyses from the ore samples (Figure
2.4A) have contents of W that plot within the ‘ore to sub-ore and alteration zone’ in the
ternary diagram of Clark and Williams-Jones (2004). Not all of these data are from Au
deposits, but also from pegmatites, Au-Cu and VHMS deposits. Many barren samplesChapter 2 J.K. P ORTER 67
also fall within the ore/sub-ore/alteration zones of the orogenic Au ternary diagram
(Figure 2.4B), therefore, barren rutile either carries Au ore signatures, or some Au ore
rutile has a similar signature to igneous or metamorphic rocks. As W is enriched
in several different barren rocks and ore types, this highlights the need to develop
a different method to assess multivariate trace element rutile chemistries in order to
ﬁngerprint chemical patterns.
FIGURE 2.4: Ternary diagram of W contents in rutile from A. Ore deposits and
B. barren igneous-metamorphic rocks. The ternary diagrams are overlain with
the area in which W contents plot from ore and sub-ore zones of Au deposits
(thick dashed line) according to that compiled by Clark and Williams-Jones
(2004). Rutile from unaltered wallrock from Clark and Williams-Jones (2004)
plots in the stippled zone below the detection limit for WO 3on an EMP .
2.3.1. O RES
Selected rutile grains from ore deposits are shown in Figures 2.5 and 2.6 as backscatter
electron (BSE) and secondary electron (SE) images. Figure 2.5 shows rutile grains that
are easily analysed for trace elements. They are large ( >50m), inclusion-free and are
found in carbonatites (Figure 2.5B), Au-Cu ores (Figure 2.5C), pegmatites and higher-
grade ( ≥upper greenschist-facies) Au deposits (Figs. 2.5A, D, E). The rutile grains
are irregular to euhedral in shape and elemental zoning is common. An exception is
shown in Figure 2.5E, where a rutile from a pegmatite is intergrown with columbite-68 J.K. P ORTER Section 2.3
tantalite.
Figure 2.6 shows BSE images of rutile grains that are typical of Yilgarn craton
Au and VHMS deposits. Many of the Au orebodies in the Kalgoorlie deposits were
formed under greenschist-facies conditions (see references in Tables 2.2 and 2.3). These
rutile grains are typically <50m, very irregular in shape and porous in appearance.
Zonation is common, and includes high trace element contents at grain edges (Figure
2.6D) to irregular patches with enriched trace element contents throughout the grain
(Figs. 2.6B, C). Rutile is commonly retrogressed to titanite (Figs. 2.6B, C) or partially
dissolved or replaced (Figs. 2.6E, F).
One thousand seventy-four (1074) individual spot analyses were carried out on
70 samples from 33 different deposits, separated into six different types (the number
of LA-ICP-MS analysis spots in brackets): Au (557), Au-Cu (153), carbonatite (47),
lamprophyre (59), pegmatite (133) and VHMS (125). A summary of clustered samples
and their respective groups are presented in Tables 2.2 and 2.3. As not all the analyses
from each ore sample cluster into the same group, a complete list of the grouping for
all analyses is given in Table 1 of Appendix C.
Antimony contributes 69% to PC1 of the ores database (Table 2.5). The distance
Sb plots from the origin of Figure 2.7D, or the magnitude of loading, demonstrates
the large effect Sb has on the discrimination of ores based on PC1. For PC1, Sb is
negatively correlated to Nb, Ta, and Sn and the large variance in Sb separates Groups
A1, A6 and A7 (rutile low in Sb), from Groups A4 and A2 (high Sb rutile). Groups A1,
A6 and A7 have low median contents of Sb, but high Nb, Ta and Sn. These opposing
groups are separated along the x-axis of Figure 2.7C. The difference in Sb vs Nb, Ta
and Sn contents and their negative correlation is also evident in the boxplots for each
group (Figure 2.8).
PC2 receives approximately 76% contribution from Cr (Table 2.5), which is nega-
tively correlated with Fe. The variation in these elements separates groups low in Fe
and high in Cr (Groups A1 and A2) from those low in Cr and high in Fe (Groups A6Chapter 2 J.K. P ORTER 69
FIGURE 2.5: A. BSE image of a rutile (rt) in an epoxy mount from the Big
Bell deposit, mo - molybdenite B. BSE image of tabular rutile with a high W
core (W-rt) from the Speewah carbonatite. Brightness and contrast are ad-
justed to show zoning. Groundmass is K-feldspar (Kspr) and quartz (qtz). C.
BSE image of large, anhedral rutile grains with patchy W zonation from the
Telfer Au-Cu deposit, bt - biotite. D. BSE image of euhedral, high Cr-rutile
grains from the Hopes Hill Au deposit, ant - anthophyllite, act - actinolite, chl
- chlorite. E. SE image of a euhedral rutile in epoxy mount from the Tropicana
Au deposit with two 23 m laser pits. Not shown is Fe-V growth zoning. F.
BSE image of a Nb-rutile in epoxy, intergrown with columbite-tantalite (cb-ta)
from the Poona pegmatite.70 J.K. P ORTER Section 2.3
FIGURE 2.6: BSE images of: A. Rutile (rt) from the Bentley VHMS deposit in-
tergrown with galena (gn) along grain boundaries, pyrite (py) and sphalerite
(sp). Groundmass includes quartz (qtz) and muscovite (ms). B. Rutile ret-
rogressed to titanite (ttn) along the grain boundaries, from the Hercules Au
prospect. Zones of high W-rutile (W-rt) are retrogressed to blebs of scheelite
at the rutile-titanite boundary. C. Rutile from the Boddington Au-Cu deposit
with patchy W zonation partially retrogressed to titanite at grain boundaries.
Groundmass includes albite (ab) and quartz. D. Rutile grain from the Paringa
lamprophyre showing a porous core and a high W outer rim. Pyrite and
clinopyroxene (cpx) are also present. E. Extremely retrogressed rutile from
the Kanowna Belle Au deposit. The grains are included with muscovite and
quartz. Groundmass is composed of albite (ab) and muscovite and minor
pyrite. F. Retrogressed rutile grain from the Jupiter Au deposit. Grains are
included with quartz and chlorite after cpx.Chapter 2 J.K. P ORTER 71
FIGURE 2.7: Results from PCA of the ores database (Group A) A. Dendro-
gram of the clustering of the principal components (PCs) of the ores dataset
showing the relationships between groups. B. Barplot of how much variance
is explained by each PC of the ores dataset. C. Scores from the ﬁrst two PCs
with colours representing the seven clusters of Group A. D. Loadings for each
element of PC1 and PC2, in which Sb accounts for most variation of PC1 and
Cr is dominant in PC2. E. Scores of PC1 and PC3 of the ores dataset. F. Load-
ings for each element of PC1 and PC3.72 J.K. P ORTER Section 2.3
TABLE 2.5: Table of the % input of each element to the ﬁrst four principal
components resulting from PCA for the ores, background igneous and meta-
morphic, and combined datasets. All numbers are in % and numbers in bold
represent the elements contributing the most to each principal component.
and A7) (Figure 2.7C).
The variation of PC3 is predominantly caused by Zr and Hf contents (Table 2.5)
which are negatively correlated to Fe and W (Figs. 2.7E, F). High Zr and low Fe and
W contents separate Group A3 from Groups A5 and A6, which are comparatively low
in Zr and Hf, but have rutile rich in W (Figure 2.8).
An example dendrogram, or classiﬁcation tree, is presented in Figure 2.7A to show
the relationships between each classiﬁed group and how closely each group is related.
The similarities between Groups A1, A6 and A7 is apparent in this diagram as they
are the ﬁrst three to split from the others in the dataset based on high Nb, Ta and Sn
in rutile contents.
Group A1 is comprised of all three Telfer Au-Cu samples and three of the Yinni-
etharra pegmatite samples. This group is deﬁned by rutile with low Sb and Fe con-
tents, and slightly elevated Cr, Nb and Ta contents (Figure 2.8).
Group A6 is also predominantly comprised of non-Au deposits: all four samples
from the Bentley VHMS deposit, the Gifford Creek carbonatite and one of the Yinni-Chapter 2 J.K. P ORTER 73
FIGURE 2.8: Group A: Boxplots of trace elements in ppm for each of the seven
groups from ore sample clustering. The line in each box represents the me-
dian of each group. The box limits represent the second and third quartiles
of the dataset. The whiskers include the ﬁrst and fourth quartiles and the
dots are outside the 2 sigma distribution of the dataset. The numbers along
the horizontal axis represent the group number. Note Zr and Hf, Nb and Ta;
and Mo and U have similar trends in trace element contents. Note Zr and Hf;
Nb, Ta, Sn and broadly Fe; and Mo and U have similar trends in rutile trace
element contents between clusters.74 J.K. P ORTER Section 2.3
etharra pegmatite samples. The deﬁning characteristics of this group is rutile with low
V , Zr and Hf contents, and elevated Nb, Ta, Sn and Mo contents.
The pegmatites from Harrison’s Reward, Poona, Yalgoo and those from Madagas-
car exclusively cluster within Group A7. The rutile in these samples contains percent-
age amounts of Nb, Ta and Sn. Combined with high Mo and U, and low Cr contents,
this group is the most chemically distinct.
The next most distinct group on the clustering dendrogram is Group A3 (Figure
2.7A). This group is comprised of both samples from the Speewah carbonatite, all
samples from the Paringa and Kalgoorlie lamprophyres and two samples from the
Nimbus VHMS deposit. The Au deposits included in this group are from Boorara,
Lady Bountiful, Tropicana’s Havana deposit, and most samples from Golden Pike
and Lake View Lode, excluding those proximal to the ore body. Group A3 has rutile
characterised by low Sn, W, Cr and U contents, and relatively high Zr and Hf contents.
Group A4 is comprised solely of rutile from Au deposits and is characterised by
very high Sb, W and V contents and corresponding low Nb and Ta contents. All four
Big Bell samples, Kalgoorlie, Mt Charlotte, the lode zone samples from Golden Pike
and Lake View Lode cluster in this group, which represents some of the largest and
most economically important Au deposits of WA.
Group A2 consists of the Au deposits from Harbour Lights, Tropicana’s Boston
Shaker (high Sb-rutile) and some samples from Hopes Hill. The Nimbus VHMS de-
posit, sampled distal to the main ore, is included in Group A2, along with the Green-
bushes pegmatite. This group has rutile with extremely high Cr contents, elevated Sb,
V and W, and low Ta contents.
Group A5 consists of all samples from the Boddington Au-Cu deposit, one Yinni-
etharra and both Queensland pegmatites, the Shea West lamprophyre and one Nim-
bus VHMS deposit (VB4). The Au deposits included in this group are Hopes Hill, Her-
cules, Royal Standard, Jupiter, Jubilee, Victory-Deﬁance and Kanowna Belle. TheseChapter 2 J.K. P ORTER 75
rutile samples have elevated Cr, W and V contents and low in Zr and Hf contents.
2.3.2. I GNEOUS AND METAMORPHIC ROCKS
The majority of the rocks sourced for the igneous- and metamorphic-derived rutile
database were collected by the GSWA through their state-wide sampling program.
Sample numbers and detailed rock descriptions can be found on the GSWA website
(www.dmp.wa.gov.au). The samples from the GSWA collection were considered to
be from background or barren sources, but in some cases they were collected in close
proximity to mineralised occurrences (Table 2.4) which potentially has affected the
rutile trace element contents. SEM images of typical examples of rutile found in barren
rock samples are presented in Figure 2.9.
The clustering methods and elements used for PCA were the same as used with
clustering the ore-derived rutile. Six clusters were chosen to explain the variation in
chemistry of the igneous and metamorphic rocks (Group B). The ﬁrst three principal
components account for 89% of the variance in the barren rocks dataset (Figure 2.10B).
The scores of the ﬁrst two principal components are plotted in Figure 2.10C, with
colours representing each of the clusters also used in the dendrogram of 2.7A. Corre-
sponding loadings for each element are shown in Figure 2.7D. Unlike the ores database
in which Sb and Cr dominate the variation in PC1 (69%) and PC2 (75%), here W ac-
counts for most variation in PC1, but only for 38%, and for PC2, Fe accounts for only
30% of the variation (Table 2.5). The dendrogram of clustering for the barren samples
is shown in Figure 2.10A, where Groups B2 and B5 form the left branch and are sepa-
rated from the remaining groups based mainly on their high Cr and Ta contents, and
relatively low Fe contents. This can also be seen in the loadings of PC1 and PC2 in
Figure 2.10D. PC3 highlights the differences in variation between Cr, and Nb and Ta
in rutile, in which groups higher in Nb and Ta (Group B3) are separated from those
higher in Cr (Group B2).76 J.K. P ORTER Section 2.3
FIGURE 2.9: Combined BSE and secondary electron images of rutile grains
in epoxy mounts from igneous and metamorphic GSWA rock heavy mineral
and zircon (zrn) separates. A. Sample 112106 of a monzogranite. The rutile (rt)
grains are anhedral, mottled zones. Some are partially retrogressed to anatase
(ant). Titanite (ttn) is the more common Ti-bearing mineral in this sample.
B. Sample 180067 from a microgranite. Rutile varies from subhedral whole
grains to clustered multigrain agglomerates associated with quartz (qtz) and
biotite (bt). C. Sample 178024 from a granodiorite. Anhedral agglomerates
associated with quartz, magnetite (mt) and titanite. D. Sample 178083 from
a metarhyolite. Subhedral clusters found within a matrix of quartz and mus-
covite (ms).Chapter 2 J.K. P ORTER 77
FIGURE 2.10: Results from PCA of the igneous-metamorphic background
database (Group B). A. Dendrogram of the clustering of the PCs of the
igneous-metamorphic dataset shows the degree of connection between clus-
ters. B. Barplot of how much variance is explained by each PC of the igneous-
metamorphic dataset, with PC1 explaining approximately 49%. C. Scores
from the ﬁrst two PCs with colours representing the six clustered groups. D.
Loadings for each element of PC1 and PC2. E. Scores from PC1 and PC3. F.
Loadings for each element of PC1 and PC3.78 J.K. P ORTER Section 2.3
FIGURE 2.11: Boxplots of trace elements (in ppm) for each of the six groups
from background igneous-metamorphic rutile sample clustering (Group B).
The line in each box represents the median of each group. The box limits
represent the second and third quartiles of the dataset. The whiskers include
the ﬁrst and fourth quartiles and the dots are outside the 2 sigma distribution
of the dataset. The numbers along the horizontal axis represent the group
number for the background data analysis. Note Zr and Hf, Nb and Ta; and
Mo and U have similar trends in trace element contents.Chapter 2 J.K. P ORTER 79
The variation of W content in rutile of PC1 separates clusters along the x-axis of
Figure 2.10C. PC1 distinguishes Group B2, which is high in W, from those groups
low in W and high in Zr and Hf (Groups B1 and B6) (Figure 2.10A). The negative
correlation of W and Zr can be seen in the loadings of PC1 (Figure 2.10D). Most of
the variance of PC2 in the igneous-metamorphic dataset is explained by Fe, which
is negatively correlated to the variation of Cr in rutile. This is apparent along the y-
axis of Figures 2.10C and D where Groups B2 and B5, high in Cr, are separated from
Group B3, which is relatively low in Cr and high in Fe. The scores and loadings of
the variation in rutile chemistries of PC1 and PC3 are shown in Figures 2.10E and F,
respectively.
The rocks in the igneous-metamorphic database cluster naturally into six groups.
Table 2.4 summarises how each sample analysis clusters, its rock type and source lo-
cation. The full database, which shows the group into which each sample clusters, is
presented in the Table 1 of Appendix C. Boxplots of each element in each group are
plotted in Figure 2.11 to highlight the overall chemical patterns of elements in each
group.
Groups B2 and B5 are most closely related and distinct from the other groups.
Group B2 contains a very distinctive rutile chemistry with very high Cr, W and Mo
contents. This group consists mainly of analyses from two Wodgina pegmatite sam-
ples and the rutile standard R632 from an anorthosite in Madagascar (Figures 2.10 and
2.11).
Group B5 is comprised of rutile low in Fe, high in Cr and U and includes sam-
ples from garnet-bearing and sheared amphibolites and gneisses, a felsic tuff and all
samples from the Windmill Hill granulite quartzite standard.
Group B3 is comprised of a variety of felsic volcaniclastics and tuffs, monzogran-
ites, rhyolites, metadacite, tonalite and metamorphosed felsic rocks. The chemical
signature of rutile from Group B3 is low in Cr Mo, Zr and Hf and high in Sb, Nb, Ta
and Fe (Figure 2.11).80 J.K. P ORTER Section 2.3
Group B1 includes rutile from hydrated and strained granulites of western Nor-
way, metagranites, amphibolites, high pressure, garnet-bearing rocks, retro-eclogites
and rutile from garnet inclusions in Brazil. The rutile in this group is distinctly de-
pleted in Sb, Sn, Cr and W contents.
Group B6 is characterised by rutile with high V contents and low W, Nb and Ta
contents. All samples attributed to this group are from ﬁve highly metasomatised
gabbros of southern Norway.
Group B4 is comprised of rutile with intermediate chemistries between Groups B1
and B6. It includes monzogranites, rhyolites, granite and xenoliths from an anorthosite.
2.3.3. C OMBINED ANALYSIS
Clustering of the combined rutile ore and igneous-metamorphic datasets was per-
formed in order to identify if certain, or all, ore-derived rutile can be distinguished
from rutile in barren rock. Rutile chemistries that are unique to only ore sources are
key to targeting in ore exploration.
For the combined ores and igneous-metamorphic rutile chemistry dataset (Group
C), the ﬁrst three principal components explain 79% of the variation in data (Figure
2.12B), with PC1 accounting for 46% of all variance. Similar to the igneous-metamorphic
dataset, W contributes the most to the variance in PC1, at 31% (Table 2.5). Iron ac-
counts for over 30% of the variance in PC2 and Cr makes up over 26% of the variance
in the third principal component.
Clustering of the PC scores produced nine distinct clusters, shown as a dendrogram
in Figure 2.12A, and as the scores of PC1 and PC2 in Figure 2.12C. The number of
clusters chosen was based on distinction of rutile chemistry patterns. Rutile trace
element content summaries are presented as boxplots in Figure 2.13 as a summary
of median contents of each element for each group compared to the overall medianChapter 2 J.K. P ORTER 81
FIGURE 2.12: Results from PCA of the combined database (Group C) A. Den-
drogram from clustering of the combined dataset showing the degree of con-
nection between clusters. B. Barplot of how much variance is explained by
each PC of the combined dataset. C. Scores from the ﬁrst two PCs with colours
representing the nine clusters of Group C, as in the dendrogram. D. Loadings
for each element of PC1 and PC2. E. Scores from PC1 and PC3. F. Loadings
for each element of PC1 and PC3 for the combined dataset.82 J.K. P ORTER Section 2.3
for each element of the entire dataset, to easily identify which clusters are deﬁcient or
elevated in certain trace elements.
From PC1 and PC2 of Figures 2.12C and 2.12D, clusters are distinguished based on
differences in W and from Zr and Fe variations. Groups high in W and Cr (Groups
C4 and C9) are separated from those low in W and Cr (Groups C3 and C8). PC2
distinguishes groups high in Cr (Groups C9 and C7) from those that are negatively
correlated and high in Fe (Groups C5, C2). PC3, shown in Figures 2.12E and F, high-
lights differences in variation of Sb from Nb and Ta (Table 2.5). PC3 separates the
clusters high in Sb (Group C2) from those high in Nb and Ta (Groups C5 and C7)
FIGURE 2.13: Group C: Boxplots of trace elements, in ppm, for each of the
nine clusters from the combined dataset. The line central to each box is the
median content for each group and the bounds of each box represents the
second and third quartiles of the data. The extent of the whiskers delineates
the ﬁrst and fourth quartiles and the dots are outside the 2 sigma distribution
of the dataset. The numbers along the horizontal axis represent the group
number from the combined analysis.Chapter 2 J.K. P ORTER 83
Two of the 9 clusters of the combined dataset are comprised of primarily of ore-
derived rutile and three of those are exclusively of non-ore rutile. The remaining four
groups are a mix of both ore and non-ore rutile sources. The ore-derived rutile clus-
ters are broadly separated from the non-ore rutile in the dendrogram of Figure 2.7A.
Groups C6 through C9, mostly non-ore rutile, are separated from the right side, ore-
derived rutile of Groups C1 through C5. Groups typical of non-ore rutile generally
have lower Sb, Fe and W contents and higher Nb, Ta, Mo, V and U contents. These
group trends can be seen in Figure 2.13.
The two clusters that are comprised exclusively of ore samples are Groups C2 and
C3. Group C2 is comprised solely of Au-derived rutile and includes all Kalgoorlie
Superpit and Big Bell samples (Table 2.2). Also included in Group C2 are Tropicana’s
Boston Shaker deposit, Harbour Lights, Hopes Hill, Royal Standard, Hercules, Jubilee
and Victory-Deﬁance, nearly all of the signiﬁcant Yilgarn Au deposits. This group has
the highest median Sb and W contents and comparatively low Nb and Ta contents
(Figure 2.13). Of the 425 analyses that have been grouped here, 7 ( <2 %) are not
derived from ore and 27 ( 6 %) are derived from non-Au ores. Most of the non-Au
ore rutile clustered in Group C2 are from sample VB4 of the Nimbus VHMS deposit.
Group C3 is comprised of those samples from the Golden Pike and Lake View
Lode Au deposits most distal from the ore (those closest to the ore are classiﬁed as
Group C2), Boorara, the Paringa lamprophyre and the Nimbus VHMS samples, also
more distal to the ore. The rutile in this group are depleted in U, Sn, Cr and W, and
moderately enriched in Sb.
Group C5 is almost completely comprised of rutile derived from pegmatites. Few
samples of felsic metamorphics and rhyolite cluster with the high Nb-Ta pegmatites
of the Yalgoo, Poona, Harrison’s Reward and Madagascar pegmatites. Also included
in this group are the four Bentley VHMS deposit samples. This group has rutile with
very high Nb, Ta, Fe and Sn, and low Cr contents.
Group C1 is a mix of Telfer and Boddington Au-Cu samples, the Queensland,84 J.K. P ORTER Section 2.3
Yinnietharra and Greenbushes pegmatites, Speewah and Gifford Creek carbonatites,
Lady Bountiful Au, and Shea West and Kalgoorlie lamprophyres. All samples from
Au-Cu ores and carbonatites within this database are included in this group. Many
non ore-derived rutile grains also group here: volcaniclastics, monzogranites, granites
and metadacites. This group has the lowest median U, Mo, V , Zr and Hf contents.
Group C4 is comprised of Tropicana’s Havana deposit and samples VB9 and VB21
of the Nimbus VHMS deposit, which were sampled from dacite wallrock. Analy-
ses from the Jupiter Au and Speewah carbonatite also have chemistry similar that of
this group. Non-ore rutile are from felsic tuffs, volcaniclastics and metarhyolite. This
group has rutile with high Cr, and low Sn and Fe contents.
Group C7 consists of the Windmill Hill quartzite rutile standard, and rutile from
sheared and garnet-pyroxene amphibolites and gneisses. The ore-related rutile within
this cluster was derived exclusively from three Yinnietharra pegmatite samples. Chem-
ically, this cluster is most closely related to Group C9, the Wodgina pegmatite (Figs.
2.7A, C, E). This cluster is characterised by rutile with high Cr and low in Fe and Sb
contents.
The clusters which contain predominantly non ore-related rutile include Groups
C6, C8 and C9. Group C6 consists of monzogranite, tonalite, granite and granodior-
ite, and rutile xenoliths in anorthosite. Group C6 samples are chemically similar to
Group C8, rutile from high grade metamorphic rocks with high Zr and Hf contents,
but Group C6 rutile is higher in Sn and W contents.
Group C8, like Group B6, consists of analyses from metasomatised scapolite fels,
albite and metagabbro from the Bamble district of southern Norway. These samples
are all from a maﬁc orthopyroxene-bearing gabbro precursor but have undergone dif-
ferent types and extents of metasomatism (Porter et al., in review), such that they are
now low in W, Sn, Nb and Ta, and high in Zr, Hf and V . This group also includes high
pressure rutile from Brazil and hydrated and strained rutile from western Norway.Chapter 2 J.K. P ORTER 85
Group C9, like Group B2, consists exclusively of analyses from the Wodgina peg-
matite, which has rutile that is rich in Cr (average 1.1 %) and W (average 8000 ppm),
and high U, Mo and V contents (Figure 2.13).
2.4. D ISCUSSION
2.4.1. PCA OF RUTILE CHEMISTRY
Principal component analysis of all three datasets demonstrates the consistency with
which rutile incorporates certain trace elements. There are expected associations be-
tween some elements (e.g., Nb and Ta, and Zr and Hf are correlated), and this is high-
lighted by PCA. Other associations are evident in the ores database, as Sn also corre-
lates well with Nb and Ta, and moderately with U and Mo. High U rutile is associated
with relatively high Mo rutile, and they show similar variation to that of Zr and Hf
and, as such, cluster similarly. Therefore conditions that produce rutile that has high
Zr content similarly allow for the incorporation of more Mo and U. As Zr content in
rutile increases with temperature (in equilibrium with zircon and quartz (Zack et al.,
2004a; Watson et al., 2006; Ferry and Watson, 2007)), this may provide evidence for
temperature playing a role in U and Mo incorporation, which may not be obvious
due to the typically low U and Mo contents in rutile ( <100 ppm and <50 ppm, re-
spectively). Other factors such as ﬂuid conditions and wallrock chemistry can play
a role in incorporation into rutile as the correlation of U and Mo to Zr is not strong.
Meinhold (2010) showed felsic granulites contain rutile with the highest U content, in-
dicating both temperature and rock evolution can be contributing factors to increased
incorporation if U in rutile.
The ﬁrst three principal components of the analysed datasets can discriminate: ore
type, metamorphic grade and maﬁc versus felsic source rocks. Antimony negatively86 J.K. P ORTER Section 2.4
correlates with Nb, Ta and Sn such that rutile containing high Sb typically has low
Nb, Ta and Sn contents. This allows PC1 to be used as a discriminant between rutile
sourced from Au deposits enriched in Sb, from rutile in pegmatites which are enriched
in Nb, Ta and Sn. This can be seen in the dendrogram in Figure 2.7A, where most of
the pegmatites, but no Au ores, plot to the left of the main node. This is also evident
in PC1 of Figure 2.7C, in which clusters of rutile from pegmatites are separated from
Sb-rich Au deposits. When the ore and barren datasets are combined, the distinction
between Sb-rich Au ores and Nb-Ta-rich pegmatites can be seen in PC3 (Figs. 2.12E, F).
In Figure 2.12E, Group C2, rutile from Au deposits (dark blue) is separated from the
Nb-pegmatites of Group C5 (light green) along the y-axis of PC3. Barren rutile plots
closer to the origin of Figure 2.12E, thus rutile from barren rocks may be distinguished
from both mineralised groups based on Nb, Ta and Sb contents.
The ﬁrst two principal components of the barren and combined datasets account
for variation in the same elements. PC1 discriminates rutile chemistry partially on
metamorphic grade. Although W accounts for the most variation in the data, and is
negatively correlated to the main metamorphic temperature indicator, Zr, which is in-
corporated into rutile as a function of temperature (Zack et al., 2004a; Watson et al.,
2006; Ferry and Watson, 2007). The negative correlation of Zr with W suggests that
W is incorporated into rutile in greater quantity at lower temperatures. This negative
correlation is highlighted in the boxplot data (Figs. 2.11 and 2.13) as groups high in
Zr are correspondingly low in W contents. The main exception to this is the Wodgina
pegmatite which is high in both W and Zr where the abundance of W in the formation
environment has contributed its abundance in rutile in addition to temperature. Fur-
thermore, Hf has a very strong positive correlation to Zr and therefore is incorporated
into rutile in greater quantity at higher temperatures. The strong positive correlation
of Hf and Zr reﬂects the easy substitution of Hf for Zr in the structure of rutile and is
consequently incorporated in greater abundance at higher temperatures.
The second principal component of the barren and combined datasets, and PC2Chapter 2 J.K. P ORTER 87
for the ores database is dominated by the variance of Cr and Fe contents. Chromium
has been identiﬁed as an indicator of maﬁc rock source using the ratio of Nb to Cr
(Meinhold et al., 2008; Zack et al., 2002; Triebold et al., 2007). In this way the PC
identifying high Cr contents can point to groups that are more likely of maﬁc or of
mantle source.
2.4.2. O RES
AU DEPOSITS Most Au deposits in the ores dataset are clustered in Groups A4 and
A5, and fewer in Groups A3 and A2. These groups are formed on the basis of their low
relative Sn, Nb, and Ta and high Sb, W and V contents, which form the right branch
of the dendrogram of Figure 2.7C. Group A4, and to a lesser extent Group A2, contain
rutile grains that have chemistry representative of a Au deposit source as previously
deﬁned by Clark and Williams-Jones (2004) (Table 2.1) as high in W and Sb contents.
Group A4 is deﬁned primarily by rutile from Kalgoorlie-style Au and Big Bell Au
deposits and represents the most economically important group with respect to Au-
prospectivity. Of note are the samples from Golden Pike and Lake View Lode, in
which the rutile Sb and W contents increase closer to the lode such that they cluster in
Group A4. Farther from the lodes, rutile clusters into Group A3, which includes rutile
with lower W, Sb and V contents, and similar chemistry to the Havana Au deposit at
Tropicana. Every sample that is clustered within Group A4 is identiﬁed as a Au de-
posit, which has important consequences for identifying Au ore in exploration using
detrital rutile chemistry.
Group A5 is also comprised mainly of rutile from Au deposits, but the rutile has
distinctly lower Sb, V and W contents. The Au deposits in this group do not occur
within the Kalgoorlie area (e.g., Hercules, Hopes Hill, Jupiter, Jubilee, Victory Deﬁance
and Royal Standard; Figure 2.2). These are smaller deposits than those in the Kalgoor-
lie area, so it is possible rutile trace element contents reﬂect the size and temperature88 J.K. P ORTER Section 2.4
of the hydrothermal system and provide evidence that incorporation of Au-associated
trace elements is affected by other factors, such as wallrock composition.
Group A2, like Group A4, contains rutile with similar elevated W, V and Sb levels,
but is distinct in having extremely high Cr and low Fe contents. Rutile from Au ore
at Harbour Lights, some analyses of Hopes Hill and Boston Shaker, the high Sb-rutile
deposit at Tropicana, comprise part of this group. The non-Au ore deposits in this
group are sample VB9 from the Nimbus VHMS deposit, Greenbushes pegmatite and
some analyses from the syn-mineralisation Paringa lamprophyre. The chemistry of
Group A2 is deﬁned by the distinct high Cr content, reﬂective of wall rock source
(maﬁc), and high Sb-rutile from Au mineralisation. The Greenbushes rutile may be
anomalous as this is an historic museum specimen and there is no clear indication as to
where in the deposit it was collected. The Greenbushes rutile is the only pegmatite that
is clustered based on high Cr content in this database. Of the four Nimbus samples,
VB9 is the one closest to mineralisation compared to the other three and has rutile
chemistries most similar to those of rutile from Au deposits.
Included in Group A3 Au deposits are Lady Bountiful, Boorara, Tropicana’s Ha-
vana deposit, some analyses of Jupiter and Kanowna Belle, and the peripheral sam-
ples from Golden Pike and Lake View Lode. There are non-Au deposits in Group
A3, including the Speewah carbonatite, Paringa-Kalgoorlie lamprophyres and sam-
ples VB21 and VB24 from the Nimbus VHMS deposit. For the Golden Pike, Lake
View Lode and Nimbus deposits, rutile most peripheral to the main ores cluster within
Group A3. For Lake View Lode, the samples taken at within 3 feet of the lode cluster
in Group A4, while samples farther than 3 feet from the lode cluster in Group A3. Al-
teration changes 3 feet from the ore at Lake View Lode, from bleached to chloritised.
This indicates that the Au ore-related chemistry in rutile is lost with increasing dis-
tance from the lode and with changing alteration style. A similar pattern is evident
with the Golden Pike samples where rutile sampled within 1 foot of the lode also clus-
ter in Group A4 and the peripheral samples plot in Group A3, having lost the enrichedChapter 2 J.K. P ORTER 89
high Sb, V and W signature.
Additionally, Zr content in rutile is lower in Group A4 than in other Au related
groups, indicating generally lower formation temperatures. Thus, the chemistry of
this group may have been impacted by other formation conditions (ﬂuid/rock ratio,
temperature and alteration type) and may not be reﬂective solely of the Au ore associ-
ation. Although this group clusters Au deposits, the presence of carbonatites, lampro-
phyres and VHMS deposits make it difﬁcult to ﬁngerprint this style of mineralisation
based on rutile chemistry.
OTHER MINERALISATION There is a clear distinction between Groups A1, A6 and A7
and other ores (Figs. 2.7 and 2.8), as they contain rutile enriched in Ta, Nb and Sn
contents and are predominantly comprised of rutile from pegmatites, with some sam-
ples from VHMS, Au-Cu ores and carbonatites. The corresponding low Sb contents
of these groups are likely the key in distinguishing these deposits from the typical
Au deposits of Groups A2 and A4. No Au samples cluster within these three groups,
so this method of clustering ore deposits does provide a way of distinguishing rutile
associated with Au from non-Au deposits.
The most distinct group is Group A7, which is comprised solely of rutile from peg-
matites with high Nb, Ta and Sn contents (10–75%, 9–30% and 0.4–8.4%, respectively).
However, some of the rutile grains may have been contaminated and have mixed
rutile and columbite-tantalite analyses. Columbite-tantalite was recognised using the
SEM and EBSD prior to analysis, however, despite the attempted targeting, the % level
Nb, Ta and Sn indicate these analyses may have been contaminated by inclusions.
Other researchers (Cern ´y et al., 1999; Klementov ´a and Rieder, 2004) have identiﬁed
percent enrichments of Nb (5–19%) and Ta (3–16%) in niobian rutile from pegmatites,
so some Group A7 rutile may be reﬂecting uncontaminated signatures. These results
are relevant and included within the database as it is likely these rutile grains came
from the economic part of a Nb-pegmatite, are easy to identify and can be used for90 J.K. P ORTER Section 2.4
exploration targeting. The high Sn, Nb and Ta contents create a chemical ﬁngerprint
that make these pegmatites identiﬁable with high certainty.
Three Yinnietharra pegmatites and the Telfer Au-Cu samples comprise Group A1,
which also have rutile high in Nb, Ta and Sn, but the group is distinguished from the
other pegmatites by their low Fe and Sb, and high Cr contents. The higher Cr content
may be reﬂective of increased input from ﬂuid interaction with more maﬁc wallrock.
Group A6 is mainly comprised of the four Bentley VHMS samples, the Gifford Creek
carbonatite and a Yinnietharra pegmatite sample. This group is intermediate in com-
position between Groups A1 and A7, and is representative of a fractionated and felsic
source rock.
2.4.3. I GNEOUS AND METAMORPHIC ROCKS
Rutile from the igneous-metamorphic rocks is distinguished, in-part, by metamorphic
grade; e.g., temperature (Zack et al., 2004a; Watson et al., 2006; Tomkins et al., 2007),
and the degree of rock source evolution; i.e., maﬁc versus felsic source (Meinhold et al.,
2008; Zack et al., 2004b; Triebold et al., 2007).
For the igneous-metamorphic database, PC1 highlights variation in Zr, a geother-
mometer, by distinguishing groups high in Zr from those low in Zr contents. For
example, Groups B1 and B6, which cluster at the positive end of PC1 (Figure 2.10C)
are predicted to have been formed at high temperatures. Accordingly, both Groups
B1 and B6 are comprised of rutile from granulitic anorthosites (Moore et al., 2019,
Porter and Austrheim, 2017) and metasomatised gabbros that experienced granulite
temperatures. Conversely, those with low Zr and high W contents (which correlate
negatively), in Groups B3 and B4, formed at lower temperatures and are comprised of
felsic to intermediate volcanic and crystalline rocks.
PC2 highlights groups of rutile with differing Cr and Fe contents, and distinguishes
rock types based on source, as rutile from maﬁc or mantle sources incorporate moreChapter 2 J.K. P ORTER 91
Cr (Meinhold et al., 2008; Zack et al., 2004b). Groups B3 and B4 plot on the higher,
positive Cr side of PC2 and PC3, indicating low Cr content (Figs. 2.10C and E). Both
these groups are comprised of felsic volcanics, volcaniclastics, intrusives and quartz-
rich metamorphic rocks. Group B5, with rutile high in Cr content, may reﬂect a less
evolved source. The difference between rutile from maﬁc and felsic sources is accentu-
ated when using PC3. This highlights Cr versus Nb variations, which are negatively
correlated, and are used in discriminating pelitic versus mantle sources (Meinhold
et al., 2008; Zack et al., 2004b). This suggests Group B3 is felsic in origin and Groups
B5 and B6 are of more maﬁc origins.
Using PCA with the igneous-metamorphic database can distinguish rutile formed
under high temperature conditions (Groups B1, B5, B6) from those formed at lower
temperatures (Group B3). This approach broadly separates those rutile grains formed
under granulite and amphibolite conditions from those that are volcanic or under-
went low-grade metamorphism (Groups B3, B4). These broad groups are separated
further by source rock conditions. For example, most rutile from rocks described as
containing biotite, volcanic rocks or those that experienced low-grade metamorphism
are included in Group B3. Those in Group B4 are of similar chemistries, but experi-
enced higher grade metamorphism.
Groups B5 and B6 have high Cr, and were originally maﬁc rocks from gabbros
of southern Norway (Porter et al., in review) and maﬁc volcanics from the Narryer
Terrane of WA (Muhling, 1990). Group B5, however, also includes the Windmill Hill
quartzite rutile standard, which contains abundant chromite and experienced high
temperature metamorphism, thus is unusually high in Cr for a quartz-rich, siliciclastic
rock. Also included in Group B5 are two more felsic rocks, the migmatitic granitic
gneiss from near the Big Red Prospect and bedded felsic tuff of the Anaconda Cu
mine district. This suggests that rutile in felsic rocks can incorporate Cr during high-
grade metamorphism. However, the Anaconda felsic tuff was collected in a thin lens
between komatiite ﬂows (Nelson, 2005a), and the high Cr content may be a result of92 J.K. P ORTER Section 2.4
rutile incorporating elements from of the surrounding ultra-maﬁc rocks.
2.4.4. C OMBINED DATASET
Combining the ore and barren datasets can provide tools for distinguishing rutile from
ore deposits and rutile from barren igneous or metamorphic rocks. Two groups cluster
primarily on rutile related to Au ore bodies (Groups C2, C3), Group C5 clusters Nb-
pegmatites, and Groups C1 and C4 cluster the remaining non-Au ore deposits with
some barren felsic rocks. The remaining ﬁve clusters are primarily non ore-related
groups separated mainly on metamorphic grade and wall rock source.
The group of particular interest is Group C2 in which the rutile chemistry has a
98% likelihood of being derived from a Au ore, and an 92% likelihood that the ore is a
Kalgoorlie or Big Bell-style Au deposit. Group C2 is equivalent to Groups A4 and A5
of the ores dataset, which combines all rutile analyses from Big Bell, Kalgoorlie and
Mt Charlotte with most of the remaining Yilgarn Au deposits, including the Boston
Shaker Au deposit of Tropicana and some analyses of the Nimbus VHMS deposit.
Two percent of the analyses are false negatives; i.e., samples that cluster as a rutile
derived from Au ore, but are from a non ore-related rock. Rutile chemistries within
Group C2, with high W and Sb contents, have the greatest potential to provided a
ﬁngerprint for Au exploration. If rutile exhibits chemical characteristics typical of this
group, it is likely sourced from Au ore similar to that of a Yilgarn Au deposit.
Similarly, Group C3 is comprised mainly of Au ores from the Yilgarn, but those
with rutile of lower Sb, W and U contents. Many of the analyses within this group
are from the same deposits as in Group C2, but distal to the ore, including Golden
Pike, Lake View Lode and the Nimbus VHMS deposit. Analyses from the Paringa
lamprophyre, Speewah carbonatite and Boorara Au are also included in this group
suggesting they have chemistries similar to distal Au deposits. Of the 171 analyses in
Group C2, 62% are Au-ore derived, 33% are from non-Au ores and 5% are false posi-Chapter 2 J.K. P ORTER 93
tives and not related to mineralisation. This indicates a rutile with chemical properties
similar to this group can be of interest to metals exploration.
Group C5 encompasses the Nb pegmatites and rutile from all Bentley VHMS de-
posits. Rutile that clusters in this group and contains percentage levels Sn, Ta and Nb
are likely to be derived from a Nb-pegmatite. Lower levels of Ta and/ore Sn may dis-
tinguish VHMS origins from Nb-pegmatites, but there is chemical overlap with barren
felsic rocks, such as rhyolite and felsic granofels. The host rock of the Bentley VHMS
deposit is rhyolite (Belford et al., 2015), which may explain the chemical similarities of
rutile in this VHMS deposit to rutile from barren rhyolite. The Bentley VHMS rutile
may be distinguished from the others in this group based on lower Ta contents. The
pegmatites and other felsics generally have Ta contents over 1000 ppm, whereas Bent-
ley rutile grains have <600 ppm Ta (Appendix C, Table 1). The barren rocks in this
group have rutile with anomalously high Nb, Ta and Sn contents that are more akin to
pegmatite chemistry, and both samples 91591 and 195673 are described as felsic ﬂow-
banded rhyolites (Nelson, 1995b; Kirkland et al., 2014b). Rutile similar in chemistry to
this group is likely sourced from a non-Au ore, and if rutile contains over percentage
level Nb, Ta and Sn contents, it is likely from a Nb-pegmatite.
Groups C1 and C4 are the two least chemically distinct groups of the clustered data.
Rutile chemistries for Group C1 are reﬂective mainly of volcaniclastics and felsic vol-
canics of the barren ore dataset, but also of the Telfer and Boddington Au-Cu deposits,
Gifford Creek and Speewah carbonatites, Greenbushes, Queensland pegmatites and
the Paringa, Kalgoorlie and Shea West lamprophyres. Thus, rutile originating from
ores that are not Au, Nb-pegmatites or VHMS deposits, carry a chemical ﬁngerprint
indistinguishable from those of felsic volcanics and volcaniclastics. This may be re-
ﬂective of similar formation conditions, or indicate that rutile is inﬂuenced by felsic
rock chemistries that are host rocks to ores.
Group C4 has a similar chemical signature to Group C1 in that the barren rocks in
this group are also felsic volcaniclastics, rhyolites and metamorphics. The chemical94 J.K. P ORTER Section 2.4
signature is higher in Cr and lower in Sn, Ta and Nb. The main ores attributed to
this group are the Tropicana’s Havana Au deposit and two of the samples from the
Nimbus VHMS deposit. A few analyses from Jupiter Au, Boddington Au-Cu and
Speewah carbonatite also cluster here and therefore may not be distinguishable from
barren felsic rocks by chemical analysis of rutile.
Groups C6 through C9 are comprised primarily of barren or non ore-associated
rocks. They are distinguished broadly on metamorphic grade from granulite (Group
C8) to amphibolite (Group C6) to weakly metamorphosed crystalline igneous rocks
(Group C7). Groups C6 is comprised predominantly of barren rocks, intermediate
crystalline rocks such as granites, monzogranites, tonalites, granodiorites and rhyo-
lites equivalent to Groups B4 and B1 of the barren dataset.
Group C7 is comprised primarily of granulite and amphibolite-grade metamor-
phic rocks (equivalent to Group B5) that are not ore-related and are grouped based
on metamorphic grade and host rock origin. They contain rutile of similar chemistry
and metamorphic grade to that of Group C8, but the rutile is higher in Nb, Cr, Ta and
Sn and lower in Fe contents. This may suggest a less maﬁc origin, except that some
of these samples also have high Cr contents. This group also includes three samples
from the Yinnietharra pegmatite.
Group C8, comprised of granulites and eclogites from Norway and Brazil, is formed
on the basis of high-grade metamorphic chemistry, with high Zr content. This group
is not associated with ore and is comprised of rocks derived originally from gabbros
and anorthosites; rocks considered to be more maﬁc than the samples of Group C7
(Porter and Austrheim, 2017; Moore et al., 2019). Rutile that clusters within this group
likely originates from maﬁc rock that has experienced high-grade metamorphic tem-
peratures.
The Wodgina pegmatite, Group C9, for both the barren database and combined
database stands out as having a distinct chemical signature. It is anomalous due to its
percentage level Cr and W contents. Unfortunately, even though it is classiﬁed as aChapter 2 J.K. P ORTER 95
pegmatite as the crystal is approximately 2.5 cm in width, it is a detrital crystal and its
rock source is assumed to be a pegmatite, but is technically not known.
2.4.5. P RACTICAL CONSIDERATIONS
The chemical grouping based on PCA only takes into consideration the trace element
chemistry of the rutile grain. Other considerations, such as rutile size and texture may
provide better, or complimentary, insight into the rutile source during exploration.
Size and texture will also dictate which deposits and rock types can be assessed geo-
chemically, as rutile grains must be of a certain size and quality to be assessed using
in situ analytical techniques such as LA-ICP-MS.
Many of the rutile grains sourced from the Au deposits of the central Yilgarn, in-
cluding for the Kalgoorlie area, are small ( <20m) and highly irregular in shape, with
extensive alteration (Figure 2.6). Grains <20m in size have an increased chance of
containing mineral inclusions or becoming contaminated by adjacent minerals during
analysis. This may substantially degrade the accuracy of trace element content as-
sessment. During heavy mineral separation of exploration samples, rutile grains from
these deposits may be excluded during routine sample preparation via the loss of ﬁner
grain fractions. Reﬁned heavy mineral concentration and careful identiﬁcation tech-
niques may be required to identify rutile from a Kalgoorlie-type Au ore. Rutile from
ﬁner-grained intrusives (Figs. 2.9A through 2.9C) and volcaniclastics and tuffs (Fig-
ure 2.9D) are also likely to be excluded from a normal heavy mineral separation due
to size and textural biases.
Grain size, shape and texture that are best for trace element analysis originate
from deposits that have experienced upper-greenschist to amphibolite temperatures
or higher. Deposits that have undergone lower grade metamorphism can have rutile
grains that are partially retrogressed to anatase or brookite (Figure 2.9A) and should
be excluded from comparison with rutile chemistry. Rutile textures at low metamor-96 J.K. P ORTER Section 2.5
phic temperatures are typically no longer single domain grains with smooth surfaces,
but are often porous or spongy and anhedral in morphology (Figures 2.5E and F).
For this study, the best rutile grains from ores that are large enough to be transported
and preserved in the heavy sediment record and recovered during standard heavy
mineral separation (e.g., >50m) are those from pegmatites, the Tropicana, Big Bell
and Hopes Hill Au deposits, the Telfer Au-Cu deposit and Gifford Creek carbonatite
(Figure 2.5).
2.5. C ONCLUSIONS
Rutile chemistry can be used in exploration to identify ore deposits. In addition to
identifying rutile originating from ore-related versus barren rock, the chemistry can
also provide insight as to source rock composition and metamorphic grade. The re-
sults of this study can form a basis upon which a supervised machine learning algor-
thim can be used to predict formation environments, such as ore association, lithology
and metamorphic grade of detrital or unknown rutile, which is beneﬁcial to mineral
exploration.
Through PCA of the three databases, PC1 of the ore dataset, and PC3 of the com-
bined ore, igneous and metamorphic rutile datasets, discriminate between Sb-rich Au
and Nb-rich pegmatite deposits by using the variance in Sb in comparison to that of
Nb, Ta and Sn. PC1 of the igneous-metamorphic and combined datasets, and PC3 of
the ores dataset identiﬁes, in-part, metamorphic grade through variation in Zr content.
PC2 of all datasets can help identify source rock through variation in Cr content.
Yilgarn Au ores, including Kalgoorlie-style and Big Bell-style Au deposits are iden-
tiﬁed with high certainty when trace element chemistry of rutile grains are compared
with those from different ore types and background or barren rutile chemistries us-
ing hierarchical clustering of PCA. Rutile from the ore zones of Nb-Ta pegmatites areChapter 2 J.K. P ORTER 97
also distinct and can be identiﬁed with conﬁdence. Rutile from barren sources can be
discriminated from rutile from Au sources with equally high conﬁdence.
Rutile from carbonatites, VHMS, lamprophyres and Au-Cu deposits may not have
as distinct chemical signatures from rutile of low-metamorphic grade barren, felsic
volcanic rocks, and may not be reliably distinguished with conﬁdence.
Barren igneous and metamorphic rocks can be distinguished based on a combina-
tion of metamorphic grade and degree of maﬁc vs felsic input from their source rock.
2.6. A CKNOWLEDGEMENTS
This research was funded in-part by the Minerals Research Institute of Western Aus-
tralia (MRIWA) M448 grant with contributions from Independence Group and the
Geological Survey of Western Australia. GeoHistory Facility instruments were funded
via an Australian Geophysical Observing System grant provided to AuScope Pty Ltd.
by the AQ44 Australian ve at the E. de C. Clarke Earth Science Museum at UWA is
acknowledged for providing access to UWA thesis and sample collections. N. Vielre-
icher, M. Doyle, J. Muhling, C. Talavera, T. dos Santos, J. Moore and V . Barrote also
kindly provided samples. Thank you to E. Grunsky and an anonymous reviewer for
their efforts in improving the manuscript.
2.7. R EFERENCES
Aitchison, J. (1986). The statistical analysis of compositional data . Monographs on statis-
tics and applied probability. Chapman and Hall.
Aitchison, J. (1999). Logratios and Natural Laws in Compositional Data Analysis.
Mathematical Geology , 31:563–580.98 J.K. P ORTER Section 2.7
Allibone, A. H., Windh, J., Etheridge, M. A., Burton, D., Anderson, G., Edwards, P . W.,
Miller, A., Graves, C., Fanning, C. M., and Wysoczanski, R. (1998). Timing Rela-
tionships and Structural Controls on the Location of Au-Cu Mineralization at the
Boddington Gold Mine, Western Australia. Economic Geology , 93:245–270.
Alvin, M. P . (1998). Carbonatite-related, epithermal ﬂuorite mineralisation at Speewah, Kim-
berley region, with studies of possible analogues in the Pilbara and Gascoyne regions, West-
ern Australia . Ph.d. dissertation, University of Western Australia.
Axelsson, E., Pape, J., Berndt, J., Corfu, F., Mexger, K., and Raith, M. M. (2018). Rutile
R632 – A New Natural Reference Material for U-Pb and Zr Determination. Geostan-
dards and Geoanalytical Research , 42:319–338.
Barrote, V ., Tessalina, S., McNaughton, N., Jourdan, F., Hollis, S. P ., Ware, B., and Zi,
J.-W. (2019). 4D History of the Nimbus VHMS ore deposit in the Yilgarn Craton,
Western Australia. Precambrian Research , xx:xxx.
Bartram, G. D. (1969). Wall rock alteration associated with auriferous lodes at Kalgoorlie .
Ph.d. dissertation, University of Western Australia.
Bateman, R. and Hagemann, S. (2004). Gold mineralisation throughout about 45 Ma
of Archaean orogenesis: protracted ﬂux of gold in the Golden Mile, Yilgarn craton,
Western Australia. Mineralium Deposita , 39:536–559.
Belford, S. M., Davidson, G. J., McPhie, J., and Large, R. R. (2015). Architecture of the
Neoarchaean Jaguar VHMS deposit, Western Australia: Implications for prospec-
tivity and the presence of depositional breaks. Precambrian Research , 260:136–160.
Bickle, M. J., Bettenay, L. F., Chapman, H. J., Groves, D. I., McNaughton, N. J., Camp-
bell, I. H., and de Laeter, J. R. (1989). The age and origin of younger granitic plutons
of the Shaw Batholith in the Archaean Pilbara Block, Western Australia. Contribu-
tions to Mineralogy and Petrology , 101:361–376.Chapter 2 J.K. P ORTER 99
Bloem, E. J. M., Dalstra, H. J., Groves, D. I., and Ridley, J. R. (1994). Metamorphic
and structural setting of Archaean amphibolite-hosted gold deposits near South-
ern Cross, Southern Cross Province, Yilgarn Block, Western Australia. Ore Geology
Reviews , 9:183–208.
Cassidy, K. F. (1992). Archaean granitoid-hosted gold deposits in greenschist to amphibolite
facies terrains: a high P-T to low P-T depositional continuum equivalent to greenstone-
hosted deposits . Ph.d. dissertation, University of Western Australia.
Cassidy, K. F. and Bennett, J. M. (1993). Gold mineralisation at the Lady Bountiful
Mine, Western Australia: an example of a granitoid-hosted Archaean lode gold de-
posit. Mineralium Deposita , 28:388–408.
Cassidy, K. F., Champion, D. C., and Wyborn, L. A. I. (1998). A geochemical study
of granitoids of the Boddington Gold Mine: ﬁnal report to SRK (Australasia) Ltd.
Technical report, Australian Geological Survey Organisation.
Cern ´y, P ., Chapman, R., Simmons, W. B., and Chackowsky, L. E. (1999). Niobian ru-
tile from the McGuire granitic pegmatite, Park County, Colorado: Solid solution,
exsolution, and oxidation. American Mineralogist , 84:754–763.
Chebotarev, D. A., Doroshkevich, A. G., Klemd, R., and Karmanov, N. S. (2017). Evolu-
tion of Nb-mineralization in the Chuktukon carbonatite massif, Chadobets upland
(Krasnoyarsk Territory, Russia). Periodico di Mineralogia , 86:99–118.
Clark, D. J., Hensen, B. J., and Kinny, P . D. (2000). Geochronological constraints for
a two-stage history of the Albany-Fraser Orogen, Western Australia. Precambrian
Research , 102:155–183.
Clark, J. R. and Williams-Jones, A. E. (2004). Rutile as a potential indicator mineral for
metamorphosed metallic ore deposits. Technical report, Rapport Final de DIVEX,
Sous-projet SC2, Montreal, Canada.100 J.K. P ORTER Section 2.7
Czamanske, G. K., Force, E. R., and Moore, W. J. (1981). Some geologic and potential
resource aspects of rutile in porphyry copper deposits. Economic Geology , 76:2240–
2256.
Dachille, F., Simons, P . Y., and Rustum, R. (1968). PRESSURE-TEMPERATURE STUD-
IES OF ANATASE, BROOKITE, RUTILE and TiO 2-II.The American Mineralogist , 53.
dos Santos, T. J. S., Amaral, W. d. S., Ancelmi, M. F., Pitarello, M. Z., Fuck, R. A., and
Dantas, E. L. (2015). U–Pb age of the coesite-bearing eclogite from NW Borborema
Province, NE Brazil: Implications for western Gondwana assembly. Gondwana Re-
search , 28:1183–1196.
dos Santos, T. J. S., Garcia, M. d. G. M., Amaral, W. S., Caby, R., Wernick, E., Arthaud,
M. H., Dantas, E. L., and Santosh, M. (2009). Relics of eclogite facies assemblages
in the Cear ´a Central Domain, NW Borborema Province, NE Brazil: Implications for
the assembly of West Gondwana. Gondwana Research , 15:454–470.
Doyle, M. G., Fletcher, I. R., Foster, J., Large, R. R., Mathur, R., McNaughton, N. J.,
Meffre, S., Muhling, J. R., Phillips, D., and Rasmussen, B. (2015). Geochronologi-
cal Constraints on the Tropicana Gold Deposit and Albany-Fraser Orogen, Western
Australia. Economic Geology , 110:355–386.
Duuring, P ., Cassidy, K. F., and Hagemann, S. G. (2007). Granitoid-associated orogenic,
intrusion-related, and porphyry style metal deposits in the Archean Yilgarn Craton,
Western Australia. Ore Geology Reviews , 32:157–186.
Egozcue, J. J., Pawlowsky-Glahn, V ., Mateu-Figueras, G., and Barcel ´o-Vidal, C. (2003).
Isometric Logratio Transformations for Compositional Data Analysis. Mathematical
Geology , 35:279–300.
Ewing, T. A. (2011). Hf isotope analysis and U-Pb geochronology of rutile: Technique devel-
opment and application to a lower crustal section (Ivrea-Verban Zone, Italy) . PhD thesis,
The Australian National University.Chapter 2 J.K. P ORTER 101
Ferry, J. M. and Watson, E. B. (2007). New thermodynamic models and revised calibra-
tions for the Ti-in-zircon and Zr-in-rutile thermometers. Contributions to Mineralogy
and Petrology , 154:429—-437.
Gebre-Mariam, M. (1994). The nature and genesis of Archaean mesozonal to epizonal gold
deposits of the Mt Pleasant area, near Kalgoorlie, Western Australia . Ph.d. dissertation,
University of Western Australia.
Graham, J. and Morris, R. C. (1973). Tungsten- and antimony-substituted rutile. Min-
eralogical Magazine , 39:470–473.
Grunsky, E. C. (2010). The interpretation of geochemical survey data. Geochemistry:
Exploration, Environment Analysis , 10:27–74.
Grunsky, E. C. and Kjarsgaard, B. A. (2016). Recognizing and Validating Structural
Processes in Geochemical Data. In Martin-Fernandez, J. A. and Thio-Henestrosa, S.,
editors, Compositional Data Analysis , pages 85–116. Springer Proceedings in Mathe-
matics and Statistics, 187.
Hanaor, D. A. H. and Sorrell, C. C. (2011). Review of the anatase to rutile phase trans-
formation. Journal of Materials Science , 46:855–874.
Harris, D. C. (1989). The Mineralogy and Geochemistry of the Hemlo Gold Deposit,
Ontario. Technical report, Geological Survey of Canada, Economic Geology Report
38.
Hart, E., Storey, C., Harley, S. L., and Fowler, M. (2018). A window into the lower
crust: Trace element systematics and the occurrence of inclusions/intergrowths in
granulite-facies rutile. Gondwana Research , 59:76–86.
Ho, S. E. (1986). A ﬂuid includion study of archaean gold deposits in the Yilgarn Block,
Western Australia . Ph.d. dissertation, University of Western Australia.102 J.K. P ORTER Section 2.7
Ho, S. E., McNaughton, N. J., and Groves, D. I. (1994). Criteria for determining initial
lead isotopic compositions of pyrite in Archaean lode-gold deposits: a case study at
Victory, Kambalda, Western Australia. Chemical Geology , 111:57–84.
Hodkiewicz, P . (2003). The Interplay Between Physical and Chemical Processes in the For-
mation of World-Class Orogenic Gold Deposits in the Eastern Goldﬁelds Province, Western
Australia . Ph.d. dissertation, University of Western Australia.
Hodkiewicz, P . F., Groves, D. I., Davidson, G. J., Weinberg, R. F., and Hagemann,
S. G. (2009). Inﬂuence of structural setting on sulphur isotopes in Archean orogenic
gold deposits, Eastern Goldﬁelds Province, Yilgarn, Western Australia. Mineralium
Deposita , 44:129–150.
Hollis, S. P ., Mole, D. R., Gillespie, P ., Barnes, S. J., Tessalina, S., Cas, R. A. F., Hildrew,
C., Pumphrey, A., Goodz, M. D., Caruso, S., Yeats, C. J., Verbeeten, A., Belford, S. M.,
Wyche, S., and Martin, L. A. J. (2017). 2.7 Ga plume associated VHMS mineraliza-
tion in the Eastern Goldﬁelds Superterrane, Yilgarn Craton: Insights from the low
temperature and shallow water, Ag-Zn-(Au) Nimbus deposit. Precambrian Research ,
291:119–142.
Hollis, S. P ., Yeats, C. J., Wyche, S., Barnes, S. J., Ivanic, T. J., Belford, S. M., Davidson,
G. J., Roache, A. J., and Wingate, M. T. D. (2015). A review of volcanic-hosted mas-
sive sulﬁde (VHMS) mineralization in the Archaean Yilgarn Craton, Western Aus-
tralia: Tectonic, stratigraphic and geochemical associations. Precambrian Research ,
260:113–135.
Hron, K., Templ, M., and Filzmoser, P . (2010). Imputation of missing values for com-
positional data using classical and robust methods. Computational Statistics and Data
Analysis , 54:3095–3107.
Humphreys, F. J. (2001). Review grain and subgrain characterisation by electron
backscatter diffraction. Journal of Materials Science , 36(16):3833–3854.Chapter 2 J.K. P ORTER 103
Huston, D. L., Champion, D. C., and Cassidy, K. F. (2014). Tectonic Controls on the
Endowment of Neoarchean Cratons in Volcanic-Hosted Massive Sulﬁde Deposits:
Evidence from Lead and Neodymium Isotopes. Economic Geology , 100:11–26.
Jochum, K. P ., Nohl, U., Herwig, K., Lammel, E., Stoll, B., and Hofmann, A. W. (2007).
GeoReM: A New Geochemical Database for Reference Materials and Isotopic Stan-
dards. Geostandards and Geoanalytical Research , 29(3):333–338.
Jochum, K. P ., Wilson, S. A., Abouchami, W., Amini, M., Chmeleff, J., Eisenhauer,
A., Hegner, E., Iaccheri, L. M., Kieffer, B., Krause, J., Mcdonough, W. F., Mertz-
kraus, R., Raczek, I., Rudnick, R. L., Scholz, D., Steinhoefel, G., Stoll, B., Stracke,
A., Tonarini, S., Weis, D., Weis, U., and Woodhead, J. D. (2010). GSD-1G and MPI-
DING Reference Glasses for In Situ and Bulk Isotopic Determination. Geostandards
and Geoanalytical Research , 35(2):193–226.
Jones, S. (2014). Contrasting structural styles of gold deposits in the Leonora Do-
main: evidence for early gold deposition, Eastern Goldﬁelds, Western Australia.
Australian Journal of Earth Sciences , 61:881–917.
Kirkland, C., Wingate, M., and Howard, H. (2010). 174662: granophyre, Eliza Rocks;
Geochronology Record 909. Geological Survey of Western Australia , page 4.
Kirkland, C., Wingate, M., Howard, H., Quentin De Gromard, R., and Smithies, R.
(2014a). 195231: biotite granite, Mount Elvire; Geochronology Record 1199. Geolog-
ical Survey of Western Australia , pages 1–4.
Kirkland, C., Wingate, M., Quentin De Gromard, R., Howard, H., and Smithies, R.
(2014b). 195673: felsic granofels, Mount Waugh; Geochronology Record 1200. Geo-
logical Survey of Western Australia , pages 1–4.
Kirkland, C., Wingate, M., and Spaggiari, C. (2012). 182476: migmatitic gneiss, Big
Red prospect; Geochronology Record 1053. Geological Survey of Western Australia ,
pages 1–4.104 J.K. P ORTER Section 2.7
Kirkland, C., Wingate, M., and Spaggiari, C. (2013). 192507: granitic gneiss, Bishops
Road; Geochronology Record 1088. Geological Survey of Western Australia , page 4.
Kirkland, C., Wingate, M., and Spaggiari, C. (2014c). 192531: metagranite, Atlantis
prospect; Geochronology Record 1181. Geological Survey of Western Australia , pages
1–4.
Kirkland, C. L., Spaggiari, C. V ., Smithies, R. H., Wingate, M. T. D., Belousova, E. A.,
Gr´eau, Y., Sweetapple, M., Watkins, R., Tessalina, S., and Creaser, R. (2015). The
afﬁnity of Archean crust on the Yilgarn—Albany–Fraser Orogen boundary: Impli-
cations for gold mineralisation in the Tropicana Zone. Precambrian Research , 266:260–
281.
Klementov ´a, M. and Rieder, M. (2004). Exsolution in niobian rutile from the pegmatite
deposit at Greenbushes, Australia. The Canadian Mineralogist , 42:1859–1870.
Kooijman, E., Smit, M. a., Mezger, K., and Berndt, J. (2012). Trace element systemat-
ics in granulite facies rutile: Implications for Zr geothermometry and provenance
studies. Journal of Metamorphic Geology , 30(4):397–412.
Kwak, T. A. P . (1983). The Geology and Geochemistry of the Zoned, Sn-W-F-Be Skarns
at Mt. Lindsay, Tasmania, Australia. Economic Geology , 78:1440–1465.
Lu, Y., Wingate, M., and Kirkland, C. (2017). 199021: quartz – muscovite schist, Cop-
perhead mine; Geochronology Record 1422. Geological Survey of Western Australia ,
pages 1–4.
Lu, Y., Wingate, M., and Maidment, D. (2018). 189937: biotite monzogranite, Lewis
Range; Geochronology Record 1512. Geological Survey of Western Australia , pages
1–4.
Luvizotto, G. L., Zack, T., Meyer, H. P ., Ludwig, T., Triebold, S., Kronz, A., M ¨unker, C.,
Stockli, D. F., Prowatke, S., Klemme, S., Jacob, D. E., and von Eynatten, H. (2009a).Chapter 2 J.K. P ORTER 105
Rutile crystals as potential trace element and isotope mineral standards for micro-
analysis. Chemical Geology , 261:346–369.
Luvizotto, G. L., Zack, T., Triebold, S., and Von Eynatten, H. (2009b). Rutile occur-
rence and trace element behavior in medium-grade metasedimentary rocks: exam-
ple from the Erzgebirge, Germany. Mineralogy and Petrology , 97:233–249.
Malkovets, V . G., Rezvukhin, D. I., Belousova, E. A., Griffen, W. L., Sharygin, I. S.,
Tretiakova, I. G., Gibsher, A. A., O’Reilly, S. Y., Kuzmin, D. V ., Litasov, K. D., Logvi-
nova, A. M., Pokhilenko, N. P ., and Sobolev, N. V . (2016). Cr-rich rutile: A powerful
tool for diamond exploration. Lithos , 265:304–311.
Meinhold, G. (2010). Rutile and its applications in earth sciences. Earth-Science Reviews ,
102:1–28.
Meinhold, G., Anders, B., Kostopoulos, D., and Reischmann, T. (2008). Rutile chem-
istry and thermometry as provenance indicator: An example from Chios Island,
Greece. Sedimentary Geology , 203:98–111.
Meyer, M., John, T., Brandt, S., and Klemd, R. (2011). Trace element composition
of rutile and the application of Zr-in-rutile thermometry to UHT metamorphism
(Epupa Complex, NW Namibia). Lithos , 126(3-4):388–401.
Mikucki, E. J. and Ridley, J. R. (1993). The hydrothermal ﬂuid of Archæan lode-gold
deposits at different metamorphic grades: compositional constraints from ore and
wallrock alteration assemblages. Mineralium Deposita , 28:469–481.
Mitchell, R. H. (2015). Primary and secondary niobium mineral deposits associated
with carbonatites. Ore Geology Reviews , 64:626–641.
Moore, J., Beinlich, A., Porter, J. K., Talavera, C., Berndt, J., Piazolo, S., Austrheim,
H., and Putnis, A. (2019). Microstructurally controlled trace element (Zr, U–Pb)
concentrations in metamorphic rutile: An example from the amphibolites of the
Bergen Arcs. Journal of Metamorphic Geology , xx:xxx.106 J.K. P ORTER Section 2.7
Morton, A. C. and Hallsworth, C. (1994). Identifying provenance-speciﬁc features of
detrital heavy mineral assemblages in sandstones. Sedimentary Geology , 90(3):241 –
256.
Mueller, A. G. (1990). The nature and genesis of high- and medium-temperature Archaean
gold deposits in the Yilgarn Block, Western Australia, including a speciﬁc study of scheelite-
bearing gold skarn deposits . Ph.d. dissertation, University of Western Australia.
Mueller, A. G., Lawrence, L. M., Muhling, J., and Pooley, G. D. (2012). Mineralogy and
PTX Relationships of the Archean South Au-Cu (Co-Bi) Deposit, Kalgoorlie, West-
ern Australia: Thermodynamic Constraints on the Formation of a Zoned Intrusion-
Related Skarn. Economic Geology , 107:1–24.
Mueller, A. G. and McNaughton, N. J. (2018). Mineral equilibria and zircon, garnet
and titanite U-Pb ages constraining the PTt path of granite-related hydrothermal
systems at the Big Bell gold deposit, Western Australia. Mineralium Deposita , 53:105–
126.
Muhling, J. R. (1990). The Narryer Gneiss Complex of the Yilgarn Block, Western Aus-
tralia: a segment of the Archean lower crust uplifted during Proterozoic orogeny.
Journal of Metamorphic Geology , 8:47–64.
Nelson, D. (1995a). 112106: foliated monzogranite, Minyari. In Compilation of SHRIMP
U–Pb zircon geochronology data, 1994 , number 1995/3, pages 222–225. Western Aus-
traila Geological Survey.
Nelson, D. (1995b). 91591: porphyritic rhyolite, Tangadee. In Compilation of SHRIMP
U–Pb zircon geochronology data, 1994 , number 1995/3, pages p. 5–8. Western Aus-
traila Geological Survey.
Nelson, D. (1996). 112175: volcaniclastic rock, north of Lake Rebecca. In Compilation of
SHRIMP U–Pb zircon geochronology data, 1995; Record 1996/5 , pages 59–62. Western
Australia Geological Survey.Chapter 2 J.K. P ORTER 107
Nelson, D. (1997). 127320: quartz granophyre, Mount Ada. In Compilation of SHRIMP
U–Pb zircon geochronology data, 1996, Record 1997/2 , pages 183–186. Western Aus-
tralia Geological Survey.
Nelson, D. (1998a). 142661: foliated biotite tonalite, Zebra Hill. In Compilation of
geochronology data, 1997, Record 1998/2 , pages 96–98. Western Australia Geological
Survey.
Nelson, D. (1998b). 142815: foliated biotite monzogranite, Mount Eureka. In Compi-
lation of SHRIMP U–Pb zircon geochronology data, 1997, Record 1998/2 , pages 12–14.
Western Austraila Geological Survey.
Nelson, D. (1998c). 142842: volcaniclastic sedimentary rock, Nunyerry Gap. In Com-
pilation of SHRIMP U–Pb zircon geochronology data, 1997, Record 1998/2 , pages 59–62.
Western Australia Geological Survey.
Nelson, D. (2000). 168924: volcaniclastic sedimentary rock, Whim Creek Hotel. In
Compilation of geochronology data, Record 2001/2 , pages 164–167. Western Austraila
Geological Survey.
Nelson, D. (2004). 169026: volcaniclastic metasandstone, Lawson Well; Geochronology
dataset 61. In Compilation of geochronology data, June 2006 update , pages 4–8. Western
Austraila Geological Survey.
Nelson, D. (2005a). 127238: felsic tuff, Anaconda copper mine; Geochronology dataset
577. In Compilation of geochronology data, June 2006 update . Western Australia Geo-
logical Survey.
Nelson, D. (2005b). 178083: metarhyolite, Gallop Well; Geochronology dataset 576.
InCompilation of geochronology data, June 2006 update . Western Australia Geological
Survey.
Paton, C., Hellstrom, J., Paul, B., Woodhead, J., and Hergt, J. (2011). Iolite: Freeware108 J.K. P ORTER Section 2.7
for the visualisation and processing of mass spectrometric data. Journal of Analytical
Atomic Spectrometry , 26:2508.
Pearce, T. H. (1968). A Contribution to the Theory of Variation Diagrams. Contributions
to Mineralogy and Petrology , 19:142–157.
Petersen, E. U. (1986). Tin in Volcanogenic Massive Sulﬁde Deposits: An Example
from the Geco Mine, Manitouwadge District, Ontario, Canada. Economic Geology ,
81:323–342.
Plavsa, D., Reddy, S. M., Agangi, A., Clark, C., Kylander-Clark, A., and Tiddy, C. J.
(2018). Microstructural, trace element and geochronological characterization of TiO 2
polymorphs and implications for mineral exploration. Chemical Geology , 476:130–
149.
Porter, J. K. and Austrheim, H. (2017). Sulphide formation from granulite-facies S-rich
scapolite breakdown. Terra Nova , 29:29–35.
Rabbia, O. M., Hernandez, L. B., French, D. H., King, R. W., and Ayers, J. C. (2009).
The El Teniente porphyry Cu-Mo deposit from a hydrothermal rutile perspective.
Mineralium Deposita , 44:849–866.
Rice, C. M., Darke, K. E., Still, J. W., and Lachowski, E. E. (1998). Tungsten-bearing
rutile from the Kori Kollo gold mine, Bolivia. Mineralogical Magazine , 62:421–429.
Rowins, S. M. (1994). A geochemical study of the late Proterozoic gold and copper min-
eralization in the Telfer district, Western Australia, with a special emphasis on porphyry
copper-gold-style deposits . Ph.d. dissertation, University of Western Australia.
Rowins, S. M., Groves, D. I., McNaughton, N. J., Palmer, M. R., and Eldridge, C. S.
(1997). A Reinterpretation of the Role of Granitoids in the Genesis of Neoprotero-
zoic Gold Mineralization in the Telfer Dome, Western Australia. Economic Geology ,
92:133–160.Chapter 2 J.K. P ORTER 109
Salama, W., Anand, R., and Roberts, M. (2018). Cassiterite and rutile as indicator
minerals for exploring the VMS system. In AEGC 2018: Sydney, Australia , pages 1–4.
Schwartz, A. J., Kumar, M., Adams, B. L., and Field, D. P . (2009). Electron backscatter
diffraction in materials science . Springer.
Scott, K. M. (1988). Phyllosilicate and rutile compositions as indicatiors of Sn special-
ization in some southeastern Australian granites. Mineralium Deposita , 23:159–165.
Scott, K. M. (2005). Rutile geochemistry as a guide to porphyry Cu–Au mineralization,
Northparkes, New South Wales, Australia. Geochemistry: Exploration, Environment,
Analysis , 5:247–253.
Scott, K. M. and Radford, N. W. (2007). Rutile compositions at the Big Bell Au deposit
as a guide for exploration. Geochemistry: Exploration, Environment, Analysis , 7:353–
361.
Scott, K. M., Radford, N. W., Hough, R. M., and Reddy, S. M. (2011). Rutile composi-
tions in the Kalgoorlie Goldﬁelds and their implications for exploration. Australian
Journal of Earth Sciences , 58:803–812.
Skwarnecki, M. S. (1990). The regional setting and genesis of archaean mineralization at
Harbour Lights, Leonara, Western Australia . Ph.d. dissertation, University of Western
Australia.
Smith, S. J., Stevens, R., Liu, S., Li, G., Navrotsky, A., and Boerio-Goates, Juliana,
Woodﬁeld, B. F. (2009). Heat capacities and thermodynamic functions of TiO 2
anatase and rutile: Analysis of phase stability. American Mineralogist , 94:236–243.
Smythe, D. J., Schulze, D. J., and Brenan, J. M. (2008). Rutile as a Kimberlite Indicator
Mineral: Minor and Trace Element Geochemistry. In 9th International Kimberlite
Conference Extended Abstract No. 9IKC-A-00193, 2008 .
Sobolev, N. V . and Yeﬁmova, E. S. (2000). Composition and Petrogenesis of Ti-Oxides
Associated with Diamonds. International Geology Review , 42:758–767.110 J.K. P ORTER Section 2.7
Tallarico, F. H. B., McNaughton, N. J., Groves, D. I., Fletcher, I. R., Figueiredo, B. R.,
Carvalho, J. B., Rego, J. L., and Nunes, A. R. (2004). Geological and SHRIMP II U-Pb
constraints on the age and origin of the Breves Cu-Au-(W-Bi-Sn) deposit, Caraj ´as,
Brazil. Mineralium Deposita , 39:68–86.
Templ, M., Filzmoser, P ., and Hron, K. (2009). Robust imputation of missing values
in compositional data using the r-package robcompositions. New Techniques and
Technologies for Statistics, Brussels .
Templ, M., Hron, K., and Filzmoser, P . (2011). robCompositions: an R-package for robust
statistical analysis of compositional data . John Wiley and Sons.
Tomkins, H. S., Powell, R., and Ellis, D. J. (2007). The pressure dependence of the
zirconium-in-rutile thermometer. Journal of Metamorphic Geology , 25:703–713.
Triebold, S., Luvizotto, G. L., Tolosana-Delgado, R., Zack, T., and von Eynatten, H.
(2011). Discrimination of TiO 2polymorphs in sedimentary and metamorphic rocks.
Contributions to Mineralogy and Petrology , 161:581–596.
Triebold, S., von Eynatten, H., Luvizotto, G. L., and Zack, T. (2007). Deducing source
rock lithology from detrital rutile geochemistry: An example from the Erzgebirge,
Germany. Chemical Geology , 244:421–436.
Urban, A. J., Hoskins, B. F., and Grey, I. E. (1992). Characterization of V-Sb-W-bearing
rutile from the Hemlo gold deposit, Ontario. Canadian Mineralogist , 30:319–326.
van Gaans, P . F. M., Vriend, S. P ., and Poorter, R. P . E. (1995). Hydrothermal processes
and shifting element association patterns in the W-Sn enriched granite of Regoufe,
Portugal. Journal of Geochemical Exploration , 55:203–222.
Vielreicher, N. M., Groves, D. I., and McNaughton, N. J. (2016). The giant Kalgoorlie
Gold Field revisited. Geoscience Frontiers , 7:359–374.
Vielreicher, N. M., Groves, D. I., Snee, L. W., Fletcher, I. R., and McNaughton, N. J.
(2010). Broad Synchroneity of Three Gold Mineralization Styles in the KalgoorlieChapter 2 J.K. P ORTER 111
Gold Field: SHRIMP , U-Pb, and40Ar/39Ar Geochronological Evidence. Economic
Geology , 105:187–227.
Wang, L. G., McNaughton, N. J., and Groves, D. I. (1993). An overview of the re-
lationship between granitoid intrusions and gold mineralisation in the Archaean
Murchison Province, Western Australia. Mineralium Deposita , 28:482–494.
Ward, I., Merigot, K., and McInnes, B. I. A. (2018). Application of Quantitative Miner-
alogical Analysis in Archaeological Micromorphology: a Case Study from Barrow
Is., Western Australia. Journal of Archaeological Method and Theory , 25(1):45–68.
Watson, E. B., Wark, D. A., and Thomas, J. B. (2006). Crystallization thermometers for
zircon and rutile. Contributions to Mineralogy and Petrology , 151:413–433.
Wilkins, C. (1993). A post-deformational, post-peak metamorphic timing for min-
eralization at the Archaean Big Bell gold deposit, Western Australia. Ore Geology
Reviews , 7:439–483.
Williams, S. A. and Cesbron, F. P . (1977). Rutile and apatite: Useful prospecting guides
for porphyry copper deposits. Mineralogical Magazine , 41:288–292.
Wingate, M., Bodorkos, S., and Kirkland, C. (2008). 177904: quartzite, Windmill Hill;
Geochronology dataset 740. In Compilation of geochronology data . Geological Survey
of Western Australia.
Wingate, M., Bodorkos, S., and Van Kranendonk, M. (2009). 180067: metamorphosed
microgranite, Reedy Creek; Geochronology Record 810. Geological Survey of Western
Australia .
Wingate, M., Kirkland, C., Blay, O., and Johnson, S. (2015a). 206994: altered dolerite
sill, Eden Bore; Geochronology Record 1264. Geological Survey of Western Australia ,
pages 1–4.112 J.K. P ORTER Section 2.7
Wingate, M., Kirkland, C., Blay, O., and Johnson, S. (2015b). 206995: altered dolerite
sill, Eden Bore; Geochronology Record 1265. Geological Survey of Western Australia ,
pages 1–4.
Wingate, M., Kirkland, C., and Ivanic, T. (2015c). 198212: porphyritic monzogranite,
Meroin Rock; Geochronology Record 198212. Geological Survey of Western Australia ,
pages 1–4.
Wingate, M., Kirkland, C., and Spaggiari, C. (2014a). 192530: mylonitic metagranite,
Hercules prospect; Geochronology Record 1189. Geological Survey of Western Aus-
tralia , page 4.
Wingate, M., Kirkland, C., and Zibra, I. (2014b). 155502: monzogranite dyke, Mundra
Well. Geological Survey of Western Australia , pages 1–4.
Wingate, M., Lu, Y., Kirkland, C., and Romano, S. (2017). 207505: granodiorite, Mag-
netite Island prospect; Geochronology Record 1367. Geological Survey of Western
Australia , pages 1–4.
Wingate, M., Lu, Y., Kirkland, C., and Spaggiari, C. (2016). 194840: metamonzogranite,
Thistle Cove; Geochronology Record 1327. Geological Survey of Western Australia ,
pages 1–4.
Zack, T., Kronz, A., Foley, S. F., and Rivers, T. (2002). Trace element abundances in
rutiles from eclogites and associated garnet mica schists. Chemical Geology , 184:97–
122.
Zack, T., Moraes, R., and Kronz, A. (2004a). Temperature dependence of Zr in ru-
tile: empirical calibration of a rutile thermometer. Contributions to Mineralogy and
Petrology , 148:471–488.
Zack, T., Stockli, D. F., Luvizotto, G. L., Barth, M. G., Belousova, E., Wolfe, M. R., and
Hinton, R. W. (2011). In situ U-Pb rutile dating by LA-ICP-MS:208Pb correctionChapter 2 J.K. P ORTER 113
and prospects for geological applications. Contributions to Mineralogy and Petrology ,
162:515–530.
Zack, T., von Eynatten, H., and Kronz, A. (2004b). Rutile geochemistry and its poten-
tial use in quantitative provenance studies. Sedimentary Geology , 171:37–58.114 J.K. P ORTER Section 2.7CHAPTER 3
PAPER 2-METALS EXPLORATION IN
SEDIMENTARY BASINS OF WESTERN
AUSTRALIA :INSIGHTS FROM DETRITAL
RUTILE TRACE ELEMENT GEOCHEMISTRY
Jennifer Karin Portera;b, Neal J. McNaughtona, Noreen J. Evansa, Bradley J. McDonalda
aJohn de Laeter Centre, Curtin University, Bentley, WA, 6102, Australia
bSchool of Earth and Planetary Sciences, Curtin University, Bentley, WA, 6102, Aus-
tralia116 J.K. P ORTER Section 3.1
ABSTRACT
Rutile, a mineral common to metamorphic and hydrothermally altered rocks, retains
high ﬁeld strength elements within its structure in trace concentrations. When rutile
forms in association with ores, aspects of the rutile trace element signature unique to
that ore environment are retained. Detrital rutile chemistry can elucidate information
on the type and amount of sediment sources in a sedimentary basin, the formation
temperature of each source, their provenance with regard to host rock composition,
and their proximity to, and their likelihood of being associated with ore systems. Iden-
tifying a chemical signature as a ﬁngerprint of a unique ore environment is key to the
use of rutile as an exploration tool and geochemical vector to ores.
Rutile is refractory during weathering, erosion and sedimentary transport, allow-
ing it to survive transport long distances, preserving and concentrating it in the sed-
imentary record. Thus, sands, sandstones and quartzites represent viable sampling
mediums for metals exploration using detrital rutile. Here, Au- and base metal prospec-
tive basins of Western Australia are identiﬁed by comparing detrital rutile trace ele-
ment chemistries to rutile from ore and barren rock rutile using the Random Forests
method of supervised machine learning. Detrital rutile grains are classiﬁed into Au-
related and barren rock groups with a >95% accuracy. From samples obtained in
Western Australia, the Amadeus Basin represents the area with the highest potential
for Au exploration. Sample 199418 contains 9% rutile grains that have trace element
chemistries similar to Kalgoorlie- and Big Bell-style Au ore.
3.1. I NTRODUCTION
Decoding the geological history of central Australia is a work in progress; deep cover
and extensive weathering prevent the use of traditional mapping and explorationChapter 3 J.K. P ORTER 117
techniques. The use of detrital accessory minerals, through trace element and isotopic
analysis, has contributed to knowledge of the history of sedimentary basins. Rutile,
an accessory mineral common to metamorphic terranes, incorporates trace elements
that can capture a snapshot of the conditions (e.g., ﬂuid composition, temperature)
through the formation history of a particular metamorphic rock. Therefore detrital
rutile may reveal multiple source rock histories in a sedimentary basin.
Detrital rutile grains are sufﬁciently robust to survive long transport, weathering,
burial time, diagenesis and low grade metamorphism (Salama et al., 2018; Meinhold,
2010; Zack et al., 2004b). Sedimentary processes concentrate rutile, allowing for anal-
ysis of the chemical characteristics of each grain. Attainable information from rutile
chemistry includes Zr-in-rutile thermometry (ZiRGy) which can determine the forma-
tion temperature range of a rutile population. Knowledge of formation temperatures
of entire grain populations can provide insight as to whether grains formed after de-
position or whether they are detrital and have retained their original trace element
signatures (Luvizotto et al., 2009b; Triebold et al., 2007; Zack et al., 2004b). Other key
trace elements that are incorporated in rutile and may be exploited include U and Pb
for age dating, Nb and Cr for provenance information, and Sn, Sb and W for potential
ore associations.
3.1.1. T RACE ELEMENTS IN RUTILE
In equilibrium with silica and zircon, the Zr content in rutile can be used as a ther-
mometer, recording the conditions at the time of formation of the rutile grain (Triebold
et al., 2007; Zack et al., 2004a; Watson et al., 2006; Ferry and Watson, 2007). ZiRGy pro-
vides a direct way to estimate the formation temperature of detrital rutile grains in
siliciclastic sedimentary rocks that otherwise do not contain minerals typically used
for geothermometry (e.g., quartzites). If the sedimentary sample contains minerals
typical of siliciclastics (i.e., rutile, zircon, quartz) analysis of rutile formed after deposi-
tion may yield ZiRGy formation temperatures. However, when estimating formation118 J.K. P ORTER Section 3.1
temperatures of detrital rutile in many sedimentary rocks, it is not possible to conﬁrm
whether rutile was in equilibrium with zircon and quartz in the original rocks and any
temperature obtained using ZiRGy for a detrital grain should be treated with caution.
The ratio of Nb to Cr in rutile has been developed as a rock source identiﬁer (Mein-
hold et al., 2008; Zack et al., 2004b; Triebold et al., 2007), and the relationship between
the elements has been reﬁned for detrital rutile studies (Triebold et al., 2012). Gener-
ally, a Cr/Nb ratio ≥1 is indicative of a source that is maﬁc or mantle related and ≤
1 is indicative of a crustal or more felsic source. Identifying rutile source as felsic can
also help to identify rutile with a sufﬁciently high U content for U–Pb dating (R ¨osel
et al., 2018; Meinhold, 2010), although discrepancies have been identiﬁed in speciﬁc
environments and the approach must be treated with care as rutile grains have been
misclassiﬁed (Meyer et al., 2011; Kooijman et al., 2012).
3.1.2. R UTILE IN ORE SYSTEMS
Rutile primarily incorporates high ﬁeld strength elements (HFSEs), that are of sim-
ilar size and valence state to Ti4+, especially V3+;4+, Cr3+, Fe3+, Nb4+;5+and W6+.
Trace element contents in rutile have been assessed by various researchers in order
to identify a connection between elemental concentrations and type of mineralised oc-
currence, thus providing a ﬁngerprint of speciﬁc ores (Agangi et al., 2019; Plavsa et al.,
2018; Clark and Williams-Jones, 2004; Scott and Radford, 2007; Scott, 2005; Porter et al.,
2020). The most comprehensive study on trace elements in rutile and their connection
to ore deposits was conducted by Clark and Williams-Jones (2004), who identiﬁed
W as an indicator of Au deposits and Sn as an indicator of volcanic hosted massive
sulphide (VHMS) deposits. They developed ternary diagrams to use W and Sn con-
centrations compared to Ti and Fe+Cr+V concentrations to identify rutile grains that
formed in connection with Au (Figure 3.1) and VHMS deposits, respectively.
Other researchers have conﬁrmed that high W can be associated with Au mineral-Chapter 3 J.K. P ORTER 119
FIGURE 3.1: Ternary diagram showing where rutile chemical analyses plot if
they are associated with a Au deposit. From Clark and Williams-Jones (2004).
EMP - electron microprobe.
isation (Harris, 1989; Urban et al., 1992; Rice et al., 1998), but also pegmatites (Scott,
1988; Cern ´y et al., 1999) and VHMS deposits (Petersen, 1986; Salama et al., 2018). Fur-
thermore, Sb has become known as an important indicator of orogenic Au deposits
(Scott and Radford, 2007; Scott et al., 2011; Plavsa et al., 2018; Agangi et al., 2019;
Porter et al., 2020). In addition to Sn, Nb has also been identiﬁed associated with
VHMS deposits. High amounts of Nb and Ta in rutile are known to be associated with
carbonatites (Chebotarev et al., 2017; Mitchell, 2015) and pegmatites (Cern ´y et al., 1999;
Klementov ´a and Rieder, 2004). Anomalously high Sn contents have also been identi-
ﬁed in rutile from Sn-granites (Scott, 1988).
The lack of unique identiﬁers to ﬁngerprint ore mineralisation highlights the need
to use more than one or two elements in rutile for ore ﬁngerprinting purposes. The
use of bivariate or ternary diagrams to identify combinations of elements and their
differing concentrations in order to distinguish ore types may be insufﬁcient and a
more robust method using multi-element analysis should be applied to chemical ﬁn-
gerprinting of rutile for ore exploration (Porter et al., 2020).
Trace element discriminants have been reassessed using unsupervised, hierarchi-120 J.K. P ORTER Section 3.1
cal clustering of principal component analysis (PCA) using 12 elements in rutile to
discriminate between different ore types and rutile from barren igneous and meta-
morphic rocks (Porter et al., 2020). Nine groups were identiﬁed as chemically distinct.
Four were predominantly non-ore related and were identiﬁed primarily using meta-
morphic grade (Zr contents) and source (Nb and Cr contents) of the rutile grains.
Two groups were identiﬁed as having Au-related rutile, distinguished by their high
and low Sb contents. The rutile with high Sb contents in this group are similar to
those from Kalgoorlie- and Big Bell-type Au ores. Another distinct rutile chemical
group was derived from a source similar to Nb-pegmatites or VHMS deposits. The
remaining two groups were comprised of a mixture of ore and non-ore rutile, derived
mainly from felsic volcaniclastics and meta-volcanics with pegmatites, carbonatites,
felsic rock-hosted VHMS deposits and lamprophyres. These groups are described in
detail in Porter et al. (2020) and are summarised in Table 3.1.
TABLE 3.1: List of nine groups identiﬁed through clustering rutile chemistries
from Porter et al. (2020). The number of detrital grains classiﬁed in each group
using Random Forest modelling, the symbol used in chemical diagrams and
the mineralisation type or rock type that are characteristic of each group are
indicated. N/A – no grains were attributed to this group
Group Total Symbol Ore characteristics summary Non-ore characteristics
C1 835G Au-Cu, pegmatite, carbonatite,
lamprophyrebiotite monzogranite + granite, dacite,
volcaniclastic
C2 24 Au – Kalgoorlie-, Big Bell-style,
Yilgarn AuN/A
C3 57  Au – Tropicana (Havana), distal
Kalgoorlie-style Au, lamprophyreN/A
C4 442H VHMS - Nimbus, carbonatite -
Speewahmeta-felsic volcanic/volcaniclastic
C5 192  Nb-pegmatite, VHMS - Bentley quartz granophyre/granofels, rhyolite
C6 136F N/A meta-monzogranite, granite, tonalite,
anorthosite, xenolith
C7 408# pegmatite sheared/strained amphibolite/gneiss,
granulite quartzite
C8 3482 N/A metasomatised gabbro, granulite,
eclogite
C9 13 N/A Wodgina pegmatite
Total 2443
The results of PCA conﬁrm the importance of Sb in rutile, and to a lesser extent
Cr, in distinguishing Au from base metal ore sources, and W, Cr, Fe and Zr as the
main discriminants in identifying barren rutile sources (Porter et al., 2020). In thisChapter 3 J.K. P ORTER 121
work, these results are used to identify and classify rutile grains of unknown source
using a supervised machine learning algorithm. The aims are to test the trace element
group classiﬁcations by assessing the use of rutile geochemistry machine learning as
a metals exploration tool and to determine if this approach can become a resource for
providing insights into the geologic history of a sedimentary basin.
3.2. M ETHODS
3.2.1. S AMPLE SELECTION
Rutile grain samples were selected from a database created by the Geological Sur-
vey of Western Australia (GSWA), that had originally been collected for zircon U–Pb
geochronology studies (www.dmp.wa.gov.au). Heavy mineral separates and their zir-
con fractions were made into 2.5 cm diameter epoxy grain mounts and scanned using
TIMA in order to quickly identify rutile abundance and size. As rutile is not abundant
in all rock types, sample selection was limited to grains of sufﬁcient abundance and
size for 50m laser spot sizes, with no visible inclusions. From all samples taken from
Western Australia, 28 were identiﬁed to have sufﬁcient size and abundance for further
analysis (Table 3.2).
Samples include detrital rutile from basins associated with orogens in central West-
ern Australia (Figure 3.2). The Mesoproterozoic Musgrave Province, Neoproterozoic
Aileron (1860–1700 Ma) and Warumpi (1690–1600 Ma) Provinces are unconformably
overlain by the Neoproterozoic Amadeus and Murraba Basins (Hollis et al., 2013) in
Western Australia. The majority of the rutile-rich detrital samples, meta-sandstones,
were derived from this central region, primarily from the western Amadeus Basin.
Six samples, mostly psammitic gneisses, originate from basins associated with Meso-
proterozoic rocks of the Albany-Fraser Orogen (Kirkland et al., 2011b). Two Paleozoic122 J.K. P ORTER Section 3.2
TABLE 3.2: GSWA number of analysed samples, their basin and geological
units and references from zircon U–Pb dating. Gp – Group, Fm – Formation,
A-F – Albany-Fraser.
Sample Rock type Rock unit Reference
143741 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Angas Hills beds Wingate et al., 2013b
143747 pebbly sandstone Canning Basin?, Paterson Fm? Pollocks Hills Wingate et al., 2013c
143783 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills Wingate et al., 2013d
143784 sandstone Canning Basin, Paterson Fm, Dovers Hills Wingate et al., 2013a
143800 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone Wingate et al., 2013e
177278 metagreywacke Granites-Tanami Orogen, Tanami Gp, Killi Killi Fm Kirkland and Wingate, 2010
177910 quartzite A-F Orogen, Peters Dam Wingate and Bodorkos, 2007
182416 metasandstone A-F Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm Kirkland et al., 2014a
184336 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills Kirkland et al., 2009b
184339 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Heavitree Quartzite, Pollock Hills Kirkland et al., 2009c
184341 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay Kirkland et al., 2009a
184342 sandstone Murraba Basin, Redcliff Pound Gp, Munyu Sandstone Kirkland et al., 2009d
185415 volcaniclastic Musgrave Province, Bentley Basin, Kaarnka Gp Kirkland et al., 2013
194714 psammitic gneiss A-F Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill Kirkland et al., 2011a
194866 psammitic schist A-F Orogen, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Diamonds Hill Kirkland et al., 2014b
194874 psammitic schist A-F Orogen, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Tower Peak Kirkland et al., 2014c
194875 psammitic schist A-F Orogen, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Mt Ragged Kirkland et al., 2014d
195237 sandstone Musgrave Province
199404 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range Wingate et al., 2015b
199408 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range Wingate et al., 2015c
199414 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range Wingate et al., 2014a
199418 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills Wingate et al., 2014b
199419 siltstone/sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills Wingate et al., 2014c
199420 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin Wingate et al., 2014d
199423 sandstone Ofﬁcer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1 Wingate et al., 2013f
199424 sandstone Ofﬁcer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1 Wingate et al., 2013g
206106 meta-silt-mudstone Kimberley region
206172 sandstone Kimberley region
206184 meta-siliciclastic Halls Creek Gp, Olympio Fm, Lamboo Province Wingate et al., 2015a
sandstone samples from the same drillhole in the Ofﬁcer Basin were also analysed
(Haines et al., 2013).
3.2.2. TIMA
The TESCAN Integrated Mineral Analyser (TIMA) was used to identify TiO 2within
detrital samples as most chemical phases can be quickly identiﬁed using energy dis-
persive X-ray spectroscopy (EDS). This technique replaces more traditional and time
consuming mineral identiﬁcation techniques, such as optical microscopy. Morphol-
ogy, abundance, grain association and size distribution of a grain mount or thin sec-
tion can be assessed in one TIMA session. The Tescan Mira3 TIMA at the John de
Laeter Centre (JdLC), Curtin University was used to analyse multiple thin sections
and 25 mm epoxy grain mounts, using four different EDX X-ray detectors in combi-
nation with a YAG scintillator back-scatter electron (BSE) detector in order to identify
multiple small or rare grains (see Figure 3.3A).Chapter 3 J.K. P ORTER 123
FIGURE 3.2: The simpliﬁed geology of Western Australia, including sedimen-
tary basins and location of the analysed samples, shown as red dots. From the
Geological Survey of Western Australia (www.dmp.wa.gov.au).124 J.K. P ORTER Section 3.2
FIGURE 3.3: TIMA and EBSD images of GSWA epoxy mount sample
184341M, heavy minerals separate. A. TIMA image of all mineral phases iden-
tiﬁed. TiO 2has been identiﬁed as rutile (red) but may be any polymorph of
TiO2. The black box is the area in B. The epoxy mount is 2.5 cm in diameter
and is represented by the circle. B. EBSD phase image with EDS overlay of Zr.
The TiO2polymorphs are distinguished by unique diffraction patterns: ru-
tile (yellow), anatase (red), brookite (green) and zircon is distinguished from
rutile with the Zr overlay (orange). The white box is the area in C. C. An
example of a TiO 2grain comprised of two polymorphs, anatase and rutile.
LA-ICP-MS analysis (50 m spot) was performed following the identiﬁcation
of the rutile phase (in yellow).Chapter 3 J.K. P ORTER 125
3.2.3. SEM AND EBSD
Rutile grains identiﬁed as TiO 2using the TIMA were imaged more thoroughly using
scanning electron microscopy (SEM) and back-scatter electron (BSE) analysis for size
and textural relationships, and suitability for further laser ablation inductively cou-
pled plasma mass spectrometry (LA-ICP-MS). As the TIMA identiﬁes minerals based
on chemical differences, the electron backscatter diffraction (EBSD) analyser was used
to discriminate TiO 2polymorphs. Knowledge of which TiO 2polymorphs are present
is essential as trace elements are incorporated differently into the structures of rutile,
anatase and brookite due to differing unit cell sizes and formation environments.
Imaging was done using the SEM, Tescan Mira3 VP-FESEM with Oxford Instru-
ments X-Max 150 SDD X-ray detector, NordlysNano EBSD detector and AZtec soft-
ware (ARC LE130100053) in the Microscopy and Microanalysis Facility at the JdLC,
Curtin University. Preparation for EBSD analysis included polishing the mounts for
approximately four hours using 0.1 m colloidal silica in NaOH solution. The ﬁne
polish was required to produce the clear diffraction patterns for structural identiﬁca-
tion between the different polymorphs. A thin carbon coat (10 nm) was applied to the
samples and a 20 kV acceleration voltage was used at a working distance of 20 mm. A
step size between 3 and 10 m was used depending on grain size to obtain multiple
readings across a grain in order to identify subgrain boundaries. Diffraction patterns
were compared to a catalogue of known minerals and indexed to the mineral with the
lowest mean angular deviation (MAD), typically <1° (Humphreys, 2001; Schwartz
et al., 2009). Noise reduction for single pixel spikes was performed using Channel 5
software.
An overlay of EDS compositional maps and EBSD images were created to accu-
rately determine polymorph phase, as minerals with identical diffraction patterns to
rutile, such as zircon, can otherwise be misidentiﬁed (see Figs 3.3B, 3.3C).126 J.K. P ORTER Section 3.2
3.2.4. LA-ICP-MS
LA-ICP-MS rutile trace element measurements were made at the GeoHistory Facility
in the JdLC, Curtin University, Perth, Australia. Individual rutile grains were ablated
using a Resonetics RESOlution M-50A-LR, incorporating a Compex 102 excimer laser.
The sample cell was ﬂushed with ultra-high purity He (350 mL min-1) and N2(3.8
mL min-1). Isotopic intensities were measured using an Agilent 7700s quadrupole
ICP-MS, with high purity Ar as the plasma gas (ﬂow rate 1 L min-1).
Two cleaning pulses preceded a 30 s period of baseline count acquisition and 40 s
ablations at a 4 Hz repetition rate using a 50 m beam and laser energy of 2 Jcm-2.
Thirty-four isotopes (24Mg,27Al,28Si,29Si,32S,43Ca,44Ca,45Sc,47Ti,49Ti,51V ,52Cr,
57Fe,60Ni,63Cu,66Zn,89Y,90Zr,93Nb,95Mo,118Sn120Sn,121Sb,178Hf,181Ta,182W,202Hg,
204Pb,206Pb,207Pb,208Pb,209Bi,232Th,238U) were monitored for 0.01 s each. Interna-
tional glasses TiG (Jochum et al., 2010), BCR-2G and BHVO (Jochum et al., 2007); and
natural rutile standards R10 (Luvizotto et al., 2009a) and Wodgina (Ewing, 2011) were
used as the primary and secondary standards to calculate elemental concentrations
(using47Ti as the internal standard isotope and an assumed 59.95% Ti content in ru-
tile) and to correct for instrument drift, and monitor accuracy and precision. Standard
blocks were typically run after 20 unknown analyses. During the time-resolved anal-
ysis, contamination from inclusions was monitored and the inclusion-free part of the
signal was integrated.
The trace element results for primary and secondary standards indicate that the
accuracy was better than 5% for Mg, V , Cr, Fe, Zr, Nb, Sn, Ta, W and U. Accuracy
was better than 10% for Al, Sc, Sb, Hf and Pb. Accuracies for Mo, Zn and Cu were
under 15%. The time-resolved mass spectra were reduced using the Trace Element
data reduction scheme in Iolite 3.5 (Paton et al., 2011, and references therein).Chapter 3 J.K. P ORTER 127
3.2.5. R ANDOM FOREST CLASSIFICATION
The detrital rutile data were preprocessed using the same methods as the ore and back-
ground rutile samples, as described in more detail in Porter et al. (2020). Missing data
points were imputed with values at 50% of the level of detection for each analysis.
Fifty missing values were imputed using the R package robCompositions impKNNa
command (Templ et al., 2009) using k-means clustering and six nearest neighbours
and Aitchison distance method (Aitchison, 1986) when the detection limit could not
be determined. Extreme values were removed from the dataset if they were indica-
tive of foreign mineral contamination. All analyses from GSWA sample 206172 were
removed for this reason. Elements were standardised and centred by subtracting the
mean of each element from their value in order to equalise elemental concentrations
and avoid those with naturally higher occurrence within rutile from overwhelming
the dataset (Grunsky and Kjarsgaard, 2016). In order to identify elements introduced
by geologic processes rather than by structural control, log-ratio transformation was
used to minimise the problem of closure, the false correlation of components in a
closed system that can cause elements to sum to 100% (Pearce, 1968; Aitchison, 1986,
1999; Grunsky, 2010). Centred log-ratio (CLR) transformation was performed using
therobCompositions package (Templ et al., 2009), followed by principal component
analysis (PCA) in order to treat the detrital and training datasets consistently. The re-
sultant dataset was used in classiﬁcation prediction using the Random Forest method.
Detrital rutile chemistries were compared to rutile trace element chemistries from
the known ore and barren rocks, as discussed in Porter et al. (2020). These ore and
barren dataset,s and the assigned nine group labels form the training database onto
which the detrital rutile were classiﬁed using the machine learning algorithm.
The Random Forest method of machine learning, an ensemble method using tree
classiﬁers, was chosen to classify rutile chemistries because the algorithm is not sensi-
tive to the number of variables, is robust with respect to noise and overtraining, and128 J.K. P ORTER Section 3.2
can give internal estimates on error and variable importance (Breiman, 2001; Gislason
et al., 2006). The Random Forests method is considered one of the most robust general
classiﬁers and yields better accuracies relative to other classiﬁer types (Fern ´andez-
Delgado et al., 2014; B ´erub ´e et al., 2018). Trees were formed using a random subset
of samples, and variables were selected at each node, or branch, such that each tree
made predictions on them at different distances down the tree. In this way, the trees
were de-coupled, were independent of each other and each tree voted on rutile clas-
siﬁcation. The votes were combined by making a forest with a large number of trees
such that the variance within the models was reduced. This improved the test set
performance and avoided overﬁtting the model (Breiman, 2001).
Accuracy was calculated by totalling the true positives and true negatives and di-
viding by all predictions. Accuracy was estimated using the training set samples that
were not used in making a particular tree, or out of bag (OOB) samples, through cross-
validation, by combining the majority votes and comparing the change in classiﬁca-
tion error to the actual classiﬁcation labels.
Estimations of the importance of each element was made through random permu-
tation of the OOB samples. Information gained from the elimination of an element
was obtained by comparing the differences in OOB error. If the OOB error increased
with the elimination of an element, more importance was attributed to that element.
Figure 3.4A shows the importance of each element in the classiﬁcation predictions of
this model.
The R package randomForest (Breiman, 2001), combined with the caret package (Kuhn,
2008) was used to model the data and perform statistical analysis. The combined
dataset from Porter et al. (2020) was used as the training data for model creation and
the group number assigned during clustering was used as the predictor variable. The
training set was divided into a train and test set in a ratio of 70:30, whereby 2074 sam-
ples were assigned to the train set and 945 samples were assigned to independently
test the model. Six variables (elements) were tested at each node, as this consistentlyChapter 3 J.K. P ORTER 129
FIGURE 3.4: Statistics on the Random Forest model of predictive classiﬁca-
tion. A. The importance of each element in classiﬁcation of rutile chemistries.
W and Sb are most important to predicting rutile class and minimising the
classiﬁcation error of the model. B. Confusion matrix comparing the true clas-
siﬁcation of groups to the predicted classiﬁcation. Overall OOB error is 3.68%.
Group C9 is predicted with 100% accuracy, with no false negatives. Group C4
has the highest error at 17.6%. C. Change in classiﬁcation error of each group
(from Group C, Porter et al., 2020) for each tree in the forest up to 500 trees.
Numbers indicate the group, OOB = out of box error. Groups C3 and C4 have
the highest classiﬁcation errors for this model, and overall the model has a >
95% accuracy.130 J.K. P ORTER Section 3.3
gave the highest prediction accuracies, and 500 trees were used to make the forest for
the Random Forest model. The OOB error for the trained data averaged 3.68%. Figure
3.4B shows a confusion matrix comparing predicted classiﬁcations to actual classiﬁ-
cations. Figure 3.4C shows how the error for each group and the OOB of the models
change, as the number of trees in the forest increases to 500.
3.3. R ESULTS
The database of detrital rutile analyses was examined prior to group classiﬁcation in
order to assess chemistry for ore prospectivity based on the ternary diagram devel-
oped by Clark and Williams-Jones (2004). This allowed comparison of detrital rutile
to those with known Au and VHMS ore association. Figures 3.5A and B compare the
detrital rutile W and Sn contents with those from known orogenic Au deposits and
VHMS deposits, respectively. In Figure 3.5A, the majority of W analyses falls within
the Au ore related zone. In Figure 3.5B, fewer analyses have high Sn contents, but
the majority of samples plot within the ore and alteration zones. As many researchers
have also identiﬁed an association of Sb with Au ore (Plavsa et al., 2018; Agangi et al.,
2019; Scott and Radford, 2007), the same ternary diagram is shown in Figure 3.5C,
with Sb at the lower right apex to test for Au prospectivity. Evident within this plot
are very distinct Sb anomalies from very few samples, mainly from the Albany-Fraser
district, which may indicate Au association.
To test these potential mineralisation associations, samples with distinct anomalies
for each of the three possible indicator elements were identiﬁed for further assessment.
Sample 184341 was identiﬁed as a potential Au ore source as it exhibits a strong, linear
W anomaly. Sample 184341 is from a quartzite at the northern boundary of the Arunta
Orogen in the Aileron Province (Figure 3.2). Figure 3.6A shows, in orange, a linear ar-
ray of analyses with a consistent Ti to Fe+Cr+V ratio and variable to high W contents
extending towards the W apex of the diagram. This sample does not exhibit similar SnChapter 3 J.K. P ORTER 131
FIGURE 3.5: Ternary diagrams showing rutile analyses for detrital samples
of Western Australia, as calculated in Clark and Williams-Jones (2004). A.
Tungsten; the dashed line indicates where analyses of W from orogenic Au
deposits plot in Clark and Williams-Jones (2004). B. Tin; the dashed line indi-
cates where analyses of Sn from VHMS deposits plot and C. Antimony. Sam-
ple colours are as in Figure 3.8.
or Sb anomalies (Figs. 3.6B and C). Sample 199418, a pebbly sandstone from the west-
ern Amadeus Basin (Figure 3.2), has a strong Sn anomaly and therefore, a potential
association with VHMS mineralisation (Figure 3.6B). This sample also exhibits anoma-
lously high W and Sb contents (Figs. 3.6A and C). Three samples, psammitic schists
from the southern part of the Albany-Fraser Orogen (194866, 194874 and 194875) ex-
hibit very distinct, linear anomalies in Sb contents. They also exhibit variably high W
contents (Figs. 3.6A and C).
FIGURE 3.6: Ternary diagrams, from Clark and Williams-Jones (2004), show-
ing analyses in ppm of W, Sn and Sb for detrital rutile in samples with anoma-
lous concentrations of each element.
For a more detailed analysis of each of these ternary diagrams, the samples with the
most distinct anomalies for each of the trace elements W, Sn, and Sb have been isolated
and plotted using shapes that identify their predicted group using the Random Forest132 J.K. P ORTER Section 3.3
model (Figure 3.6). The rutile chemistries from the detrital samples were classiﬁed
into one of nine groups, deﬁned in Porter et al. (2020) and these group characteristics
are summarised in Table 3.1 with a description of the rock type typical of each group,
whether or not it is more representative of having a mineralised or barren source, and
the number of detrital rutile grains that have been classiﬁed into each group using the
Random Forest model.
FIGURE 3.7: List of detrital samples showing the amount and proportion of
rutile grains classiﬁed to each group. Group characteristics are summarised
in Table 3.1 and discussed in greater detail in Porter et al. (2020).
Figure 3.7 shows proportions of rutile grains classiﬁed in each group for each sam-
ple. Samples predominantly comprised of one type of rutile are evident (177910,
194714). Samples that contain rutile grains with similar chemistries in similar ratios in
each group can also be identiﬁed (199423 and 199424).
Groups only known to be associated with Au mineralisation, are Groups C2 and
C3. These two groups have the fewest rutile grains attributed to them through the
Random Forest model, with 24 grains assigned to Group C2 and 57 grains attributed
to Group C3. Samples 143800 and 199418 have the most grains assigned to Group C2
and are from the Amadeus Basin (Figure 3.7 and Supplementary Data).
Samples with the most rutile grains attributed to Group C3 are 182416 (5%), 194866Chapter 3 J.K. P ORTER 133
(41%) and 194875 (48%), all associated with the Albany-Fraser Orogen. Samples 199414,
199418 and 199420 of the Amadeus Basin also contain grains with chemistry similar
to Group C3, but to a lesser extent (1–3%) (Figure 3.7 and Supplementary data). These
samples have the most rutile grains with chemistry similar to those from known Au-
ore mineralisation.
The Albany-Fraser samples have the highest percentage of rutile grains assigned
to Group C5. This group can represent rutile exhibiting chemistries associated with
barren and mineralised sources, however, this group includes Nb-rich pegmatites and
VHMS deposits, which is reﬂected in the high Nb, Ta and Sn contents of the rutile.
Over 75% of grains from samples 185415 and 194874 are classiﬁed in Group C5, as well
as approximately 20% of the samples 199408, 199414 and 143783 from the Amadeus
basin.
The groups associated with both barren and mineralised rocks are Groups C1 and
C4, into which most rutile grains have been assigned. These two groups represent
a variety of sources including barren felsic volcanics, volcaniclastics and crystalline
rocks. The mineralised sources are primarily non-Au-related deposits, including car-
bonatites, pegmatites, Au-Cu and VHMS-related ores. All detrital samples contain
at least one rutile that classiﬁes as Group C1. Most samples also contain rutile from
Group C4, but samples from the Amadeus Basin account for the highest percentage of
these rutile.
The groups primarily associated with barren rocks or rocks not associated with
mineralisation are Groups C6 through C9. Group C6, mainly from felsic to interme-
diate meta-crystalline rocks, are found to the greatest extent in samples 143783 (28
grains), 182416 (12 grains), 184341 (21 grains) and 194714 (14 grains). Group C7, repre-
senting pegmatites and metamorphosed amphibolites and gneisses, are also found in
greatest quantity within samples 184341 (73%) and 194714 (79%). Group C8 represents
rutile grains that underwent the highest grade metamorphism or metasomatism, and
comprise nearly 100% of sample 177910 and 60% of sample 182416. Only one grain has134 J.K. P ORTER Section 3.4
been attributed to Group C9, the Wodgina pegmatite. This grain is in sample 184341.
Rutile formation temperatures were calculated based on the Zr-in-rutile thermome-
ter developed by Tomkins et al. (2007) at 5 kbars, as recommended by Triebold et al.
(2007) for studying detrital samples of unknown provenance. Figure 3.8 shows the
temperature distribution of rutile grains for each sample. Unrealistic temperatures >
1300 °C were eliminated as ablations were likely contaminated by zircon inclusions.
Formation temperatures of detrital grains are accurate if rutile formed in equilibrium
with zircon and quartz, but this can not be determined with certainty for all detri-
tal grains and so data should be treated with caution. However, zircon and quartz are
common minerals within most of the sandstone and quartzite heavy mineral separates
containing rutile (see for example Figure 3.3). Equilibrium can be attained between the
three mineral phases for rutile that formed after deposition and may be distinguished
from rutile that retains thermal information acquired prior to deposition. For exam-
ple, rutile grown or re-crystallised post-deposition forms a population with similar
formation temperatures, i.e., have similar Zr contents.
The range of formation temperatures within a sample can provide insight into the
thermal history of a sedimentary rock. Figure 3.8 presents boxplots of the calculated
temperatures for each sample. Those samples that have a constrained temperature
distribution, in which most grains formed at the same temperature, may represent
samples that formed rutile during post-depositional metamorphic events (e.g., 199408,
194874). Those samples with a wide range of formation temperatures may contain
detrital rutile that have retained Zr inherited from a variety of sources (e.g., 182416,
143784), as discussed in more detail in Section 3.4.2.Chapter 3 J.K. P ORTER 135
FIGURE 3.8: Boxplots showing calculated formation temperatures for each
detrital sample using the thermometer developed by Tomkins et al. (2007)
at 5 kbars. Lines central to each box represent the median temperature, the
edges of the box represent the extents of the ﬁrst and third quartiles of the
data, whiskers represent extreme values that are not outliers. Circles are 1.5
times the middle 50% of the data (Q3-Q1), triangles are 3 times the middle
50% of the data.
3.4. D ISCUSSION
3.4.1. O RE POTENTIAL OF BASIN SOURCE REGIONS
Rutile Group C2 represents the highest Au mineralisation potential and has trace
element chemistries representative of the Kalgoorlie or Big Bell Au deposits. The
Amadeus basin contains the greatest number of samples and rutile grains that classify
as Group C2, especially sample 199418 with 13 grains, or 9% of the population, that are
likely Au-related (Figure 3.7). This sample was identiﬁed in the ternary diagram for
Sn in Figures 3.6A and B as containing rutile with potential Au and VHMS signatures.
Sample 199418 is classiﬁed as a pebbly sandstone/conglomerate with detrital grains
that are sub-rounded to angular (Figure 3.9C), and contains multiple detrital zircon
sources with a maximum depositional age of 1097 ±22 Ma (Wingate et al., 2014b). Ru-
tile varies widely in grain size ( 300m–30m), but all are rounded to sub-rounded,
which supports a detrital grain origin. A rutile population of almost 10% associated
with Au-ore mineralisation is signiﬁcant, suggesting deposition may have occurred
close to the rutile source.136 J.K. P ORTER Section 3.4
FIGURE 3.9: BSE and SE images of detrital rutile (rt) grains in epoxy mounts
of A. Sample 177910, with euhedral grains of rutile, rounded zircon (zrn) and
quartz (qtz). B. Sample 194874, with sub-angular grains of rutile and rounded
zircon. C. Sample 199418 with sub-rounded to rounded rutile, bimodal in
size distribution. Rutile grains are smooth to pitted in texture. Pitted anatase
(ant) and rounded zircon are also present. Laser holes in rutile are 50 m in
diameter. D) Sample 199424, with rounded rutile, anatase and zircon.Chapter 3 J.K. P ORTER 137
Sample 143800, in the Amadeus basin, 55 km SW of 199418, contains four grains
(4%) that classify into Group C2. Grains are rounded to sub-angular, indicative of a
detrital source. This is also evident in the trace element chemistry as rutile grains are
classiﬁed into several different groups, primarily Groups C1 and C4. Additional to
the four grains that classify as Kalgoorlie-style Au ore, there are also ﬁve grains that
classify in Group C5, indicative of a source similar to rutile found in Nb-pegmatites
or VHMS mineralisation. If these grains were sourced from mineralised bodies, the
rounded to sub-rounded shape of the grains and their relative scarcity indicate that
the ore body may be more distal from the depositional site than those grains related
to Au mineralisation described above.
The three samples from the Albany-Fraser terrane (194866, 194874 and 194875)
stood out as having anomalous W and Sb contents on the ternary plots (Figures 3.6A
and C). Despite this, only one grain classiﬁes into Group C2, the Kalgoorlie-style Au
ore type. All three samples contain grains that classify as Group C3, similar to distal
Au and VHMS ores, including 48% of the grains in 194875. Seventy-seven percent
of rutile grains in sample 194874 classiﬁes as Group C5, indicative of Nb-pegmatites
and VHMS ores. The rutile chemistries of this group may also be representative of
rhyolites and felsic metamorphic rocks. All three samples are from quartz-rich psam-
mitic schists, and rutile grains with high Nb and Ta contents may be reﬂective of the
felsic nature of the rocks, and not their association with Nb-pegmatite ores. How-
ever, among all groups, Group C5 is the most likely to contain rutile associated with
Nb-pegmatites or VHMS. The basin sources of these samples are discussed further in
Section 3.4.2.
The samples in which the majority of rutile classiﬁes as barren and unlikely to
be associated with any mineralisation are 177910 and 194714 from the Albany-Fraser
Orogen, 184341 of the Arunta Orogen, and 199423 and 199424 from the Ofﬁcer Basin.
These samples group primarily in the barren rock groups C6, C7 and C8, which were
typically formed at higher temperatures and are highly metamorphosed rutile. These138 J.K. P ORTER Section 3.4
are discussed in greater detail in Section 3.4.2.
Rutile from sample 184341 stood out as having a distinct W anomaly when plotted
in the ternary diagram in Figure 3.6A, which indicated a possible association with
Au mineralisation. When classiﬁed using the Random Forests algorithm, the 184341
rutile grains cluster primarily in Group C7, a barren rock group, typical of rutile from
high-grade metamorphosed rocks (Table 3.1). Grains plotted as open circles in Figure
3.6A represent rutile with chemistries that classify as Group C7. Fewer grains in this
sample cluster within Groups C1 and C4, felsic volcanics, and may represent relict
grains that were sourced from low-grade metamorphic rocks or felsic volcanics. Two
grains classify as Group C5 rutile, representing chemistries similar to those associated
with Nb-pegmatites and VHMS deposits. If the grains were sourced from these styles
of mineralisation, the source was either distal to the sample, small or deﬁcient in rutile.
The high percentage of rutile grains in Group C7 (73%) and the relatively con-
strained temperature distribution of sample 184341 (Figure 3.8) could suggest that
many of the rutile grains either formed or had their chemistries reset, during a post-
depositional thermal event, which may be expected in a quartzite. The rutile with
chemistry reﬂective of other rock types could retain relict signatures of original source
rocks, however, the grains are sub-rounded and there is a large grain size distribution
in the sample (Figure 3.3), which is more reﬂective of a multi-source detrital rock.
Sample 184341 is an example of how a false positive signature of an orogenic Au
deposit can be determined if only high W content is considered as a Au-ore discrim-
inant. This highlights the importance of using multi-element discriminants to assess
the potential of rutile chemistry as a ﬁngerprint of mineralisation.
3.4.2. B ASIN INFORMATION
Three samples contained rutile populations with >70% of analyses classiﬁed into only
one chemical group. This could suggest that (i) the rutile grains had a limited numberChapter 3 J.K. P ORTER 139
of sources, (ii) the rutile grains formed together within close proximity to the deposi-
tional basin, or (iii) the rutile formed together during post-depositional thermal meta-
morphism. Sample 177910 from the Albany-Fraser Orogen, is comprised of angular,
tabular rutile (Figure 3.9A) between 50 m and 500m in size. This sample has the
highest mean formation temperature, calculated using ZiRGy at 5 kbars (825–915 °C;
Figure 3.8). Most of the rutile grains are classiﬁed in Group C8, typical of rutile formed
in granulites and eclogites. The tight clustering and similarity of chemistry, combined
with the euhedral grain faces, suggest that the rutile in this rock either had one source,
proximal to the site of deposition or, more likely, formed or re-crystallised during high
grade metamorphism, possibly into the stability ﬁeld of kyanite (a mineral with the
chemistry and habit of kyanite was identiﬁed in the grain mount). This sample is
classiﬁed as a metamorphosed quartz sandstone and younger zircon that formed par-
allel to foliation after basin deposition has been identiﬁed, along with detrital zircon
(Wingate and Bodorkos, 2007).
Sample 194714, from the Albany-Fraser Orogen, also contains rutile grains that ap-
pear to be chemically from one source. The rutile grains are classiﬁed in Group C7,
formed in a high grade metamorphic rock, amphibolite or gneiss, and have chem-
istry reﬂective of low Nb-rutile from a pegmatite. Kirkland et al. (2011a) classify this
as a psammitic gneiss and many zircon grains in the sample are a product of high-
grade metamorphism, which supports the classiﬁcation of rutile grains into Group
C7, a high-grade metamorphic source. According to TIMA analysis, corundum is also
present in the heavy mineral separates and rutile grains are euhedral to subhedral
with similar size ( 100m), also consistent with a high grade, proximal source. There
are a few large, >200m, rounded grains that may represent relict detrital rutile as
discussed further in Section 3.4.2.
Sample 185415, from the Musgrave Province, was originally classiﬁed as a felsic
volcaniclastic sandstone, but has also been classiﬁed as a dacite (Kirkland et al., 2013).
Sample 185415 contains sub-angular rutile grains (typically 60m), and rutile is as-140 J.K. P ORTER Section 3.4
sociated with titanite, the most common Ti-bearing mineral in this sample. The forma-
tion temperature of the rutile grains is between 800 and 880 °C at 5 kbars, according to
ZiRGy (Figure 3.8). This sample likely has a single, proximal rock source, supported
by the classiﬁcation of 79% of rutile analyses into one group, Group C5. The rutile
chemistry of this group is representative of a felsic crystalline rock, which supports
the hand sample classiﬁcation as a dacite (Kirkland et al., 2013). The remaining 21%
of rutile is classiﬁed into Group C1, with chemistry typical of a granite, dacite or vol-
caniclastic (Table 3.1).
AMADEUS BASIN Sample 199408 is the only sample from the Amadeus Basin for
which the rutile trace element chemistry points to a single source. Other samples
show a wide spread in most trace element contents and rutile grains are attributed
to several groups. Seventy percent of the rutile analyses in sample 199408, from the
western Amadeus basin, classify into Group C1 and the remaining 22% are Group C5.
The rutile formed at a relatively restricted temperature range (between 430 and 440°C
at 5 kbars), close to the lower temperature limit of rutile stability (Dachille et al., 1968;
Smith et al., 2009; Hanaor and Sorrell, 2011). The sub-angular grains are variable in
size, with the largest being over 200 m, though many are approximately 60 m in
size. This sample is described as a sandstone and zircon grains have a wide age distri-
bution (Wingate et al., 2015c), suggesting that the zircon grains are detrital. However,
the rutile grains are similar in chemistry, and anomalous for their consistently high Mo
contents and low formation temperatures (lower greenschist conditions). These rutile
grains likely grew, or were recrystallised, as the result of low grade metamorphism
after deposition, incorporating the chemistry typical of a granite, dacite or volcani-
clastic.
The remaining Amadeus Basin samples are similar in that a large proportion of
grains from each sample ( 80%) are classiﬁed into Groups C1 and C4, felsic volcanics
and volcaniclastics, with a few grains attributed to higher-grade grade barren rocks
(Groups C6 through C9). Samples 199408 and 199414 have a larger proportion ( 20%)Chapter 3 J.K. P ORTER 141
of grains in Group C5, and may also be indicative of Nb-pegmatites, VHMS ores,
or rhyolite sources. The trace element content of these grains is variable, suggesting
that sediment in this part of the Amadeus basin had several sources. Furthermore,
the rutile have retained their detrital signatures, suggesting little post-depositional
reworking of the rocks.
RAGGED BASIN , A LBANY -FRASER OROGEN In sample 194784, from the southern
Albany-Fraser Orogen (Kirkland et al., 2014c), 77% of the rutile grains belong to Group
C5, and 21% are C1, indicative of felsic volcanics or crystalline rocks and/or a possi-
ble Nb-pegmatite source (Figure 3.7). Both Groups C5 and C1 have trace element
chemistries indicative of both mineralised and barren rocks. However, 5% of the
grains in this sample classify as Group C3, representative of distal Au ore chemistries.
Grain size is consistent at approximately 50m and grains are euhedral to subhe-
dral (Figure 3.9B). This supports proximal rutile formation under similar conditions.
This sample is a psammitic schist that underwent metamorphism to between 620 and
630 °C, calculated from ZiRGy. The small range in formation temperatures and col-
lectively similar chemistry and morphology suggest the rutile were either formed, or
were recrystallised, during metamorphism after deposition, at upper greenschist to
amphibolite facies conditions.
The two other samples in the southern Albany-Fraser area of the Mount Ragged
Formation are 194875 and 194866 (Kirkland et al., 2014d,b). They are also classiﬁed
as psammitic schists, and according to ZiRGy, they formed at temperatures between
600–623 °C, similar to sample 194784. The rutile in 194866 is most chemically similar
to rutile from sample 194874 with 41 and 48% of rutile classiﬁed in Group C3, re-
spectively, and 41 and 37% of rutile in Group C1, respectively. Grain size distribution
for 194866 is broadly bimodal with one cluster around 50 m, and the other at ap-
proximately 20 m. Sample 194875, has a similar grain size distribution to 194874, at
approximately 60 m, but fewer rutile grains are present in the sample. Rutile grains
in samples 194866 and 194875 are more commonly euhedral and tabular shape, unlike142 J.K. P ORTER Section 3.4
those in sample 194874.
The three samples from the Rugged Basin (194866, 194874, 194875) have similar
formation temperatures, between 600 and 630 °C, suggestive of a common history,
however, there is enough variation in rutile grain chemistries to suggest they were
derived from different sediment sources. These three samples are of interest because
they have extremely high Sb contents, which can be indicative of an association with
Au ore. Random Forest classiﬁcation is more ambiguous as many grains are classiﬁed
into Groups C1 or C5, which is indicative of felsic volcanics or non-Au mineralisation,
such as pegmatites, carbonatites or VHMS ores. Importantly, many rutile grains from
samples 194874 and 194866 are classiﬁed into Group C3, with chemistries indicative
of Au mineralisation. One 194866 grain is classiﬁed into Group C2, with a chemistry
equivalent to those of rutile from the Kalgoorlie- or Big Bell-style Au deposits. If these
grains are indicative of a Au mineralisation, of the three Ragged Basin samples, 194866
has a source most proximal to the deposit, and 194874 is most distal.
OFFICER BASIN Samples 199423 and 199424 were collected at different horizons of the
same drillhole in the western Ofﬁcer Basin (Wingate et al., 2013g,f) and classiﬁed as
sandstones that may be from different formations in the basin; the Wanna Formation
and the Lewis Sandstone, respectively (Wingate et al., 2013g). Sample 199423 has sub-
rounded to sub-tabular rutile grains with a broad size distribution ranging from 20
to 200m. Sample 199424 has a similar size distribution, but with a larger number
of grains in the smaller fraction at around 15–20 m, and a similar rounded to sub-
rounded and sub-tabular shape (Figure 3.9D). The rutile trace element chemistries of
these two samples are similar in that both are comprised of rutile grains that classify
into several groups. The similarity in rutile classiﬁcation ratio stands out as similar,
however, as each group contains the same proportions of grains (Figure 3.7). This
suggests that these samples had the same basin sources and were the same distance
from each source. This may provide evidence that samples 199423 and 199424 were
derived from the same rock formation. This highlights the ability of using machineChapter 3 J.K. P ORTER 143
learning with rutile chemistry to conﬁrm or refute more subjective classiﬁcations of
samples into geological formations.
3.5. C ONCLUSIONS
Rutile is a physically and chemically robust indicator mineral that can be used for Au
exploration via sampling detrital grains and regolith, akin to well-known indicator
minerals utilised in diamond exploration.
More than one element should be assessed to determine whether detrital rutile
is associated with ore mineralisation. Anomalous W and/or Sb contents may be in-
dicative of Au or VHMS mineralisation, but may also represent a different style of
mineralisation or, more likely, a barren rock source.
The Random Forests method of machine learning can classify multi-variate rutile
chemistry from unknown sources into predeﬁned groups associated with speciﬁc ore
and rock types with >95% accuracy.
Sample 199418 from the Amadeus Basin represents the highest potential for Au
exploration, with 9% of its rutile having trace element chemistry similar to Kalgoorlie-
and Big Bell-style Au ore.
The chemistry of detrital rutile grains from a sedimentary basin sample can eluci-
date the type of source(s) and proportion of material derived from each source in a
sedimentary basin, the formation temperature of each source, their provenance with
regard to a pelitic or maﬁc origin, and their proximity to and their likelihood of being
associated with ore systems.144 J.K. P ORTER Section 3.7
3.6. A CKNOWLEDGEMENTS
This research was funded in-part by the Minerals Research Institute of Western Aus-
tralia (MRIWA) M448 grant with contributions from Independence Group Organi-
sation and the Geological Survey of Western Australia. GeoHistory Facility instru-
ments were funded via an Australian Geophysical Observing System grant provided
to AuScope Pty Ltd. by the AQ44 Australian Education Investment Fund program. K.
Merigot provided extensive help using the TIMA (LIEF grant ARC LE140100150), E.
Miller and Z. Quadir using the SEM and EBSD. All detrital basin samples were kindly
provided by the GSWA.
3.7. R EFERENCES
Agangi, A., Reddy, S. M., Plavsa, D., Fougerouse, D., Clark, C., Roberts, M., and John-
son, T. E. (2019). Antimony in rutile as a pathﬁnder for orogenic gold deposits. Ore
Geology Reviews , 106:1–11.
Aitchison, J. (1986). The statistical analysis of compositional data . Monographs on statis-
tics and applied probability. Chapman and Hall.
Aitchison, J. (1999). Logratios and Natural Laws in Compositional Data Analysis.
Mathematical Geology , 31:563–580.
B´erub ´e, C. L., Olivo, G. R., Chouteau, M., Perrouty, S., Shamsipour, P ., Enkin, R. J.,
Morris, W. A., Feltrin, L., and Thi ´emonge, R. (2018). Predicting rock type and de-
tecting hydrothermal alteration using machine learning and petrophysical prop-
erties of the Canadian Malartic ore and host rocks, Pontiac Subprovince, Qu ´ebec,
Canada. Ore Geology Reviews , 96:130–145.
Breiman, L. (2001). Random Forests. Machine Learning , 45:5–32.Chapter 3 J.K. P ORTER 145
Cern ´y, P ., Chapman, R., Simmons, W. B., and Chackowsky, L. E. (1999). Niobian ru-
tile from the McGuire granitic pegmatite, Park County, Colorado: Solid solution,
exsolution, and oxidation. American Mineralogist , 84:754–763.
Chebotarev, D. A., Doroshkevich, A. G., Klemd, R., and Karmanov, N. S. (2017). Evolu-
tion of Nb-mineralization in the Chuktukon carbonatite massif, Chadobets upland
(Krasnoyarsk Territory, Russia). Periodico di Mineralogia , 86:99–118.
Clark, J. R. and Williams-Jones, A. E. (2004). Rutile as a potential indicator mineral for
metamorphosed metallic ore deposits. Technical report, Rapport Final de DIVEX,
Sous-projet SC2, Montreal, Canada.
Dachille, F., Simons, P . Y., and Rustum, R. (1968). PRESSURE-TEMPERATURE STUD-
IES OF ANATASE, BROOKITE, RUTILE and TiO 2-II.The American Mineralogist , 53.
Ewing, T. A. (2011). Hf isotope analysis and U-Pb geochronology of rutile: Technique devel-
opment and application to a lower crustal section (Ivrea-Verban Zone, Italy) . PhD thesis,
The Australian National University.
Fern ´andez-Delgado, M., Cernadas, E., Barro, S., and Amorim, D. (2014). Do we need
hundreds of classiﬁers to solve real world classiﬁcation problems? J. Mach. Learn.
Res., 15(1):3133–3181.
Ferry, J. M. and Watson, E. B. (2007). New thermodynamic models and revised calibra-
tions for the Ti-in-zircon and Zr-in-rutile thermometers. Contributions to Mineralogy
and Petrology , 154:429—-437.
Gislason, P . O., Benediktsson, J. A., and Sveinsson, J. R. (2006). Random forests for
land cover classiﬁcation. Pattern Recognition Letters , 27:294–300.
Grunsky, E. C. (2010). The interpretation of geochemical survey data. Geochemistry:
Exploration, Environment Analysis , 10:27–74.
Grunsky, E. C. and Kjarsgaard, B. A. (2016). Recognizing and Validating Structural
Processes in Geochemical Data. In Martin-Fernandez, J. A. and Thio-Henestrosa, S.,146 J.K. P ORTER Section 3.7
editors, Compositional Data Analysis , pages 85–116. Springer Proceedings in Mathe-
matics and Statistics, 187.
Haines, P . W., Wingate, M. T. D., and Kirkland, C. L. (2013). Detrital Zircon U–Pb
Ages from the Paleozoic of the Canning and Ofﬁcer Basins, Western Australia: Im-
plications for Provenance and Interbasin Connections. In Western Australian Basins
Symposium 2013 , pages 1–19, Perth, August 18-21.
Hanaor, D. A. H. and Sorrell, C. C. (2011). Review of the anatase to rutile phase trans-
formation. Journal of Materials Science , 46:855–874.
Harris, D. C. (1989). The Mineralogy and Geochemistry of the Hemlo Gold Deposit,
Ontario. Technical report, Geological Survey of Canada, Economic Geology Report
38.
Hollis, J. A., Kirkland, C. L., Spaggiari, C. V ., Tyler, I. M., Haines, P . W., Wingate, M.
T. D., Belousova, E. A., and Murphy, R. C. (2013). Zircon U-Pb-Hf isotope evidence
for links between the Warumpi and Aileron Provinces, west Arunta region, Record
2013/9. Geological Survey of Western Australia , 30 p.
Humphreys, F. J. (2001). Review grain and subgrain characterisation by electron
backscatter diffraction. Journal of Materials Science , 36(16):3833–3854.
Jochum, K. P ., Nohl, U., Herwig, K., Lammel, E., Stoll, B., and Hofmann, A. W. (2007).
GeoReM: A New Geochemical Database for Reference Materials and Isotopic Stan-
dards. Geostandards and Geoanalytical Research , 29(3):333–338.
Jochum, K. P ., Wilson, S. A., Abouchami, W., Amini, M., Chmeleff, J., Eisenhauer,
A., Hegner, E., Iaccheri, L. M., Kieffer, B., Krause, J., Mcdonough, W. F., Mertz-
kraus, R., Raczek, I., Rudnick, R. L., Scholz, D., Steinhoefel, G., Stoll, B., Stracke,
A., Tonarini, S., Weis, D., Weis, U., and Woodhead, J. D. (2010). GSD-1G and MPI-
DING Reference Glasses for In Situ and Bulk Isotopic Determination. Geostandards
and Geoanalytical Research , 35(2):193–226.Chapter 3 J.K. P ORTER 147
Kirkland, C. and Wingate, M. (2010). 177278: schistose metagreywacke, Bald Hill;
Geochronology Record 922. Geological Survey of Western Australia , 4p.
Kirkland, C., Wingate, M., and Howard, H. (2013). 185415: dacite, Mount Palgrave;
Geochronology Record 1127. Geolocial Survey of Western Australia , 5p.
Kirkland, C., Wingate, M., and Spaggiari, C. (2011a). 194714: psammitic gneiss,
Gnama Hill; Geochronology Record 999. Geological Survey of Western Australia , 6p.
Kirkland, C., Wingate, M., and Spaggiari, C. (2014a). 182416: metasandstone, Rason
Lake Road; Geochronology Record 1156. Technical report, Geological Survey of
Western Australia.
Kirkland, C., Wingate, M., and Spaggiari, C. (2014b). 194866: psammitic schist, The
Diamonds Hill; Geochronology Record 1218. Geological Survey of Western Australia ,
7p.
Kirkland, C., Wingate, M., and Spaggiari, C. (2014c). 194874: psammitic schist, Tower
Peak; Geochronology Record 1219. Geological Survey of Western Australia , 6p.
Kirkland, C., Wingate, M., and Spaggiari, C. (2014d). 194875: psammitic schist, Mount
Ragged; Geochronology Record 1220. Geological Survey of Western Australia , 6p.
Kirkland, C., Wingate, M., Spaggiari, C., and Tyler, I. (2009a). 184341: quartzite, Lake
Mackay; Geochronology Record 818. Geological Survey of Western Australia , 5p.
Kirkland, C. L., Spaggiari, C. V ., Pawley, M. J., Wingate, M. T., Smithies, R. H., Howard,
H. M., Tyler, I. M., Belousova, E. A., and Poujol, M. (2011b). On the edge: U–Pb,
Lu–Hf, and Sm–Nd data suggests reworking of the Yilgarn craton margin during
formation of the Albany-Fraser Orogen. Precambrian Research , 187:223–247.
Kirkland, C. L., Wingate, M. T. D., Spaggiari, C. V ., and Tyler, I. M. (2009b). 184336:
sandstone, Pollock Hills; Geochronology Record 816. Geological Survey of Western
Australia , 5p.148 J.K. P ORTER Section 3.7
Kirkland, C. L., Wingate, M. T. D., Spaggiari, C. V ., and Tyler, I. M. (2009c). 184339:
sandstone, Pollock Hills; Geochronology Record 817. Geological Survey of Western
Australia , 5p.
Kirkland, C. L., Wingate, M. T. D., Spaggiari, C. V ., and Tyler, I. M. (2009d). 184342:
sandstone, Alec Ross Range; Geochronology Record 819. Geological Survey of West-
ern Australia , 5p.
Klementov ´a, M. and Rieder, M. (2004). Exsolution in niobian rutile from the pegmatite
deposit at Greenbushes, Australia. The Canadian Mineralogist , 42:1859–1870.
Kooijman, E., Smit, M. a., Mezger, K., and Berndt, J. (2012). Trace element systemat-
ics in granulite facies rutile: Implications for Zr geothermometry and provenance
studies. Journal of Metamorphic Geology , 30(4):397–412.
Kuhn, M. (2008). Building predictive models in R using the caret package. Journal of
Statistical Software , 28(5):1—-26.
Luvizotto, G. L., Zack, T., Meyer, H. P ., Ludwig, T., Triebold, S., Kronz, A., M ¨unker, C.,
Stockli, D. F., Prowatke, S., Klemme, S., Jacob, D. E., and von Eynatten, H. (2009a).
Rutile crystals as potential trace element and isotope mineral standards for micro-
analysis. Chemical Geology , 261:346–369.
Luvizotto, G. L., Zack, T., Triebold, S., and Von Eynatten, H. (2009b). Rutile occur-
rence and trace element behavior in medium-grade metasedimentary rocks: exam-
ple from the Erzgebirge, Germany. Mineralogy and Petrology , 97:233–249.
Meinhold, G. (2010). Rutile and its applications in earth sciences. Earth-Science Reviews ,
102:1–28.
Meinhold, G., Anders, B., Kostopoulos, D., and Reischmann, T. (2008). Rutile chem-
istry and thermometry as provenance indicator: An example from Chios Island,
Greece. Sedimentary Geology , 203:98–111.Chapter 3 J.K. P ORTER 149
Meyer, M., John, T., Brandt, S., and Klemd, R. (2011). Trace element composition
of rutile and the application of Zr-in-rutile thermometry to UHT metamorphism
(Epupa Complex, NW Namibia). Lithos , 126(3-4):388–401.
Mitchell, R. H. (2015). Primary and secondary niobium mineral deposits associated
with carbonatites. Ore Geology Reviews , 64:626–641.
Paton, C., Hellstrom, J., Paul, B., Woodhead, J., and Hergt, J. (2011). Iolite: Freeware
for the visualisation and processing of mass spectrometric data. Journal of Analytical
Atomic Spectrometry , 26:2508.
Pearce, T. H. (1968). A Contribution to the Theory of Variation Diagrams. Contributions
to Mineralogy and Petrology , 19:142–157.
Petersen, E. U. (1986). Tin in Volcanogenic Massive Sulﬁde Deposits: An Example
from the Geco Mine, Manitouwadge District, Ontario, Canada. Economic Geology ,
81:323–342.
Plavsa, D., Reddy, S. M., Agangi, A., Clark, C., Kylander-Clark, A., and Tiddy,
C. J. (2018). Microstructural, trace element and geochronological characterization
of TiO2 polymorphs and implications for mineral exploration. Chemical Geology ,
476:130–149.
Porter, J., McNaughton, N. J., Evans, N. J., and McDonald, B. J. (2020). Rutile as a
pathﬁnder for metals exploration. Ore Geology Reviews .
Rice, C. M., Darke, K. E., Still, J. W., and Lachowski, E. E. (1998). Tungsten-bearing
rutile from the Kori Kollo gold mine, Bolivia. Mineralogical Magazine , 62:421–429.
R¨osel, D., Zack, T., and M ¨oller, A. (2018). Interpretation and signiﬁcance of com-
bined trace element and u–pb isotopic data of detrital rutile: a case study from late
ordovician sedimentary rocks of saxo-thuringia, germany. International Journal of
Earth Sciences .150 J.K. P ORTER Section 3.7
Salama, W., Anand, R., and Roberts, M. (2018). Cassiterite and rutile as indicator
minerals for exploring the VMS system. In AEGC 2018: Sydney, Australia , pages 1–4.
Schwartz, A. J., Kumar, M., Adams, B. L., and Field, D. P . (2009). Electron backscatter
diffraction in materials science . Springer.
Scott, K. M. (1988). Phyllosilicate and rutile compositions as indicatiors of Sn special-
ization in some southeastern Australian granites. Mineralium Deposita , 23:159–165.
Scott, K. M. (2005). Rutile geochemistry as a guide to porphyry Cu–Au mineralization,
Northparkes, New South Wales, Australia. Geochemistry: Exploration, Environment,
Analysis , 5:247–253.
Scott, K. M. and Radford, N. W. (2007). Rutile compositions at the Big Bell Au deposit
as a guide for exploration. Geochemistry: Exploration, Environment, Analysis , 7:353–
361.
Scott, K. M., Radford, N. W., Hough, R. M., and Reddy, S. M. (2011). Rutile composi-
tions in the Kalgoorlie Goldﬁelds and their implications for exploration. Australian
Journal of Earth Sciences , 58:803–812.
Smith, S. J., Stevens, R., Liu, S., Li, G., Navrotsky, A., and Boerio-Goates, Juliana,
Woodﬁeld, B. F. (2009). Heat capacities and thermodynamic functions of TiO 2
anatase and rutile: Analysis of phase stability. American Mineralogist , 94:236–243.
Templ, M., Filzmoser, P ., and Hron, K. (2009). Robust imputation of missing values
in compositional data using the r-package robcompositions. New Techniques and
Technologies for Statistics, Brussels .
Tomkins, H. S., Powell, R., and Ellis, D. J. (2007). The pressure dependence of the
zirconium-in-rutile thermometer. Journal of Metamorphic Geology , 25:703–713.
Triebold, S., von Eynatten, H., Luvizotto, G. L., and Zack, T. (2007). Deducing source
rock lithology from detrital rutile geochemistry: An example from the Erzgebirge,
Germany. Chemical Geology , 244:421–436.Chapter 3 J.K. P ORTER 151
Triebold, S., von Eynatten, H., and Zack, T. (2012). A recipe for the use of rutile in
sedimentary provenance analysis. Sedimentary Geology , 282:268–275.
Urban, A. J., Hoskins, B. F., and Grey, I. E. (1992). Characterization of V-Sb-W-bearing
rutile from the Hemlo gold deposit, Ontario. Canadian Mineralogist , 30:319–326.
Watson, E. B., Wark, D. a., and Thomas, J. B. (2006). Crystallization thermometers for
zircon and rutile. Contributions to Mineralogy and Petrology , 151:413–433.
Wingate, M. and Bodorkos, S. (2007). 177910: metamorphosed quartz sandstone, Pe-
ters Dam; Geochronology dataset 660. In Compilation of geochronology data . Western
Australia Geological Survey.
Wingate, M., Hollis, J., and Phillips, C. (2015a). 206184: metasandstone, Palm Springs;
Geochronology Record 1243. Geological Survey of Western Australia , 6p.
Wingate, M., Kirkland, C., and Haines (2013a). 143784: sandstone, Dovers Hills;
Geochronology Record 1109. Geological Survey of Western Australia , 6p.
Wingate, M., Kirkland, C., and Haines, P . (2013b). 143741: sandstone, Angas Hills;
Geochronology Record 1106. Geological Survey of Western Australia , 5p.
Wingate, M., Kirkland, C., and Haines, P . (2013c). 143747: pebbly sandstone, Pollock
Hills; Geochronology Record 1107. Geological Survey of Western Australia , 6p.
Wingate, M., Kirkland, C., and Haines, P . (2013d). 143783: sandstone, Mu Hills;
Geochronology Record 1108. Geological Survey of Western Australia , 5p.
Wingate, M., Kirkland, C., and Haines, P . (2013e). 143800: sandstone, Dinner Hill;
Geochronology Record 1111. Geological Survey of Western Australia , 6p.
Wingate, M., Kirkland, C., and Haines, P . (2014a). 199414: sandstone, Sir Frederick
Range; Geochronology Record 1190. Geological Survey of Western Australia , 6p.
Wingate, M., Kirkland, C., and Haines, P . (2015b). 199404: sandstone, Robert Range;
Geochronology Record 1257. Geological Survey of Western Australia , 6p.152 J.K. P ORTER Section 3.7
Wingate, M., Kirkland, C., and Haines, P . (2015c). 199408: sandstone, Dixon Range;
Geochronology Record 1258. Geological Survey of Western Australia , 6p.
Wingate, M., Kirkland, C., and Haines, P . W. (2014b). 199418: pebbly sandstone, Mu
Hills; Geochronology Record 1191. 6p.
Wingate, M., Kirkland, C., and Haines, P . W. (2014c). 199419: sandstone breccia, Mu
Hills; Geochronology Record 1192. Geological Survey of Western Australia , 5p.
Wingate, M., Kirkland, C., and Haines, P . W. (2014d). 199420: sandstone, Mu Hills;
Geochronology Record 1193. Geological Survey of Western Australia , 5p.
Wingate, M., Kirkland, C., Haines, P . W., and Hocking, R. (2013f). 199423: sandstone,
Empress 1; Geochronology Record 1112. Geological Survey of Western Australia , 6p.
Wingate, M., Kirkland, C., Haines, P . W., and Hocking, R. (2013g). 199424: sandstone,
Empress 1; Geochronolgy Record 1113. Geological Survey of Western Australia , 5p.
Zack, T., Moraes, R., and Kronz, A. (2004a). Temperature dependence of Zr in ru-
tile: empirical calibration of a rutile thermometer. Contributions to Mineralogy and
Petrology , 148:471–488.
Zack, T., von Eynatten, H., and Kronz, A. (2004b). Rutile geochemistry and its poten-
tial use in quantitative provenance studies. Sedimentary Geology , 171:37–58.CHAPTER 4
PAPER 3-RUTILE TRACE ELEMENT AND
ISOTOPE GEOCHEMISTRY OF SCAPOLITE
AND ALBITE METASOMATISED GABBRO ,
BAMBLE REGION ,SOUTHERN NORWAY
Jennifer Karin Portera;b, Cristina Talaverac, Noreen J. Evansa, Neal J. McNaughtona,
Bradley J. McDonalda, H˚akon Austrheimd
aJohn de Laeter Centre, Curtin University, Bentley, WA, 6102, Australia
bSchool of Earth and Planetary Sciences, Curtin University, Bentley, WA, 6102, Aus-
tralia
cSchool of Geosciences, University of Edinburgh, The King’s Building, James Hutton
Rd, Edinburgh, UK
dThe NJORD Centre, Physics of Geological Processes, Department of Geosciences,
University of Oslo, Norway154 J.K. P ORTER Section 4.1
ABSTRACT
The Bamble Sector of southern Norway experienced extensive scapolite and albite
metasomatism, thought to be related to the Sveconorwegian Orogeny. Trace element
and isotope geochemistry of rutile from highly metasomatised albite and scapolite
dominant rocks, scapolite-bearing metagabbro and albite-bearing metagabbro from
the Ringsjø area was studied. The geochemical signatures in rutile occurring across
metasomatic contacts between scapolite and albite rocks are compared with those of
rutile from less metasomatised gabbros.
Zr-in-rutile geothermometry indicates that all rutile formed at temperatures above
760 °C, suggesting formation at granulite-facies conditions. Rutile grains from all rock
types have statistically identical U-Pb ages (1079.3 ±4.0 Ma). This date reﬂects the
cooling through the Pb closure temperature in rutile during the later stages of the
Sveconorwegian Orogeny in the Bamble Sector. This also indicates metasomatism
formed rutile prior to this age (i.e., 630 °C) and constrains the timing of scapolite
metasomatism at granulite-facies temperatures prior to 1079 Ma.
Rutile trace element signatures are similar in both the albite-bearing metagabbro
and scapolite-bearing metagabbro, but some elements have been remobilised in more
strongly metasomatised scapolite and albite dominant rocks. Rutile Cr and V contents
increase with progressive scapolite metasomatism and remain unchanged during sub-
sequent albitisation. It is inferred Cr and V were released from the metagabbro during
amphibole, biotite and Fe-oxide breakdown during intense scapolite metasomatism
and were incorporated into rutile. The rutile Nb/Cr ratio is affected by extreme meta-
somatism in these rocks which has implications for Nb/Cr signatures being used in
detrital rutile provenance studies. These trace element data, combined with textural
relationships, suggest rutile formed during scapolitisation and may be relict within
albitite. Albite metasomatism is post-scapolite and may have occurred during the
Sveconorwegian Orogeny or as late as the Permian as a low-grade event associatedChapter 4 J.K. P ORTER 155
with the Oslo Rift.
4.1. I NTRODUCTION
Rutile is an accessory mineral commonly formed under high-grade metamorphic con-
ditions. The use of trace element signatures in rutile to ﬁngerprint geological processes
in source rocks has grown over the past decade (Zack et al., 2004b; Triebold et al., 2007;
Meinhold et al., 2008; Meinhold, 2010; R ¨osel et al., 2014). The incorporation of differ-
ent trace elements within rutile at the time of crystallisation can reﬂect changes in
wallrock composition, ﬂuids and temperature. Speciﬁc trace elements in rutile are
key to decoding provenance and formation conditions. For example, ratios and con-
centrations of Nb and Cr can point to a pelitic or maﬁc host rock source (Zack et al.,
2002, 2004a; Triebold et al., 2012). Additionally, incorporation of Zr within rutile cor-
relates positively with increasing crystallisation temperature, making the Zr-in-rutile
geothermometer particularly useful in rocks containing at minimum rutile, zircon and
quartz together at equilibrium (Zack et al., 2004a; Watson et al., 2006; Tomkins et al.,
2007). Rutile has an intermediate Pb closure temperature of up to 630 °C (Cherniak,
2000; Vry and Baker, 2006), and can record the timing of metamorphic processes up
to upper amphibolite-facies conditions. Furthermore, rutile ranks with zircon as one
mineral that can incorporate the elements required to characterise age, formation tem-
perature and provenance, allowing better understanding of the geological processes
acting on a rock package.
Changes in rutile trace element chemistry in rocks that have experienced intense
metasomatism is less well documented. Metasomatism, the alteration of rocks through
the introduction and/or removal of ionic species, can dramatically alter the composi-
tion of constituent minerals, including rutile. The Bamble Sector of southern Norway
is an area of intense high-grade metamorphism with associated regional scale scapo-
lite and albite metasomatism. The inﬁltration of rocks by Ca- and Mg-rich ﬂuids began156 J.K. P ORTER Section 4.2
large-scale scapolite metasomatism, followed by the inﬂux a Na-rich ﬂuid, responsible
for albitisation. The timing of these events, and ﬂuid source and evolution have been
studied but is still not fully understood (e.g., Harlov et al., 2002; Bingen et al., 2008a;
Engvik et al., 2011; Nijland et al., 2014).
This paper investigates the change in rutile chemistry during scapolite and albite
metasomatism in the Bamble Sector. Rutile from strongly metasomatised samples are
compared to those from metamorphosed, but less altered protoliths. Changes in rutile
trace element chemistry are also assessed with U-Pb geochronology in order to im-
prove our understanding of the tectonic history of the Bamble region and constrain
the timing of metasomatic events.
4.2. G EOLOGICAL SETTING AND GEOLOGY
Southern Norway was affected by the Sveconorwegian orogenic event in the Paleo- to
Mesoproterozoic era. The Sveconorwegian Orogeny has been described as four sepa-
rate events (Bingen et al., 2008b) affecting all of southern Norway, beginning in the east
and younging to the west. The Arendal event, the eastern-most and oldest event of
this orogenic series in southern Norway, is responsible for the metamorphism, meta-
somatism and deformation of the Bamble and Kongsberg Sectors (Figure 4.1A). The
Bamble and Kongsberg Sectors, now separated by igneous intrusions and volcanics
associated with Permian rifting in the Oslo Fjord, are considered to be part of an up-
thrust crustal rock package resulting from the early collision of the Idefjorden and
Telemarkia Terranes (Bingen et al., 2008b) (Figure 4.1A).
The Bamble Sector is dominated by northeast-southwest trending packages of high
grade Mesoproterozoic para- and orthogneisses (Figure 4.1B). These rocks experienced
granulite to amphibolite-facies metamorphic events during the emplacement of a tec-
tonic slice which caused metamorphism in two stages between 1140–1125 Ma andChapter 4 J.K. P ORTER 157
FIGURE 4.1: A. Regional lithotectonic map of Scandinavia highlighting the
Kragerø area as a blue rectangle. Different lithotectonic units of the Sveconor-
wegian Orogeny are indicated. Modiﬁed from Engvik et al. (2016). B. Geolog-
ical map of the Kragerø area showing the main sampling locality at Ringsjø,
as well as Ødeg ˚arden Verk and Valberg Quarry. Modiﬁed from the Geological
Survey of Norway (NGU) map database.158 J.K. P ORTER Section 4.2
1110–1080 Ma (Bingen et al., 2008a). Most of the exposed rocks in the Kragerø area are
reﬂective of upper amphibolite-facies conditions; however, many areas of granulite-
facies mineral assemblages showing intense migmatisation have been identiﬁed in
discontinuous ’windows’ (Engvik et al., 2016; Nijland et al., 1998, 2014). The granulite
rocks show a complex relationship with the amphibolitised rocks as contacts are irreg-
ular and reﬂect pervasive retrogression to amphibolite-facies mineral assemblages.
Several episodes of ﬂuid inﬁltration and veining, causing both scapolite and albite
metasomatism affected these rocks in a NE-SW direction along structurally controlled
slices. In areas where the metasomatism occurred, the original mineralogy has been
completely replaced with a rock composed almost entirely of the Cl-endmember of
scapolite (marialite) or near endmember composition albite (Engvik et al., 2008). The
chemical characteristics of the ﬂuid source during these events are partially attributed
to remobilisation of an evaporite sequence or a mix of crustally derived rocks and
magmatic ﬂuids (Engvik et al., 2011, 2017). It is as yet unclear as to whether the scapo-
lite and albite metasomatising ﬂuids evolved from the same or different sources. The
Permian Oslo rift event closely borders the intensely metasomatised rocks and may
represent another source of heat and ﬂuid that subsequently affected these rocks.
The main rock types in the Kragerø area consist of gabbro, tonalite, scapolite-
metagabbro and metatonalite, amphibolites, nodular gneisses and orthoamphibole–
cordierite schists. The metagabbros have been variably to locally altered from weakly
scapolitised to completely metasomatised to scapolite or albite-dominant lithologies.
Scapolite-bearing metagabbro, originally called ødeg ˚arite by Brøgger (1934), is a Ca-
amphibole and marialite-rich rock. Scapolitisation began as veining following frac-
tures or weakness in rock fabric, and in some areas was more pervasive, extending
for kilometres in areas such is on Langøy and Ødeg ˚arden Verk (Figure 4.1B). Albiti-
sation often follows veins previously exploited by the scapolite and occurs texturally
after scapolitisation. Gabbro, amphibolitised metagabbro, scapolitised metagabbro,
and scapolite and albite metasomatised rocks (all deﬁned in greater detail in SectionChapter 4 J.K. P ORTER 159
4.5) were studied from three main areas of the Kragerø area – the Valberg Quarry,
Ringsjø and Ødeg ˚arden Verk (Figure 4.1B).
4.3. P REVIOUS WORK
4.3.1. G EOCHRONOLOGY
Protoliths of the Bamble Sector formed prior to and during uplift and deformation
of the Arendal event between 1545 and 1149 Ma (Figure 4.2). Protoliths of migmatic
gneisses underlying an area 10 km northeast of Ringsjø have been dated using zircon
U-Pb to between 1545 and 1542 Ma (Engvik et al., 2016). Tonalite intrusions, closer
to Ringsjø, were dated to 1294 ±38 Ma and gabbro emplacement was at 1149 ±7 Ma
(Engvik et al., 2011). Furthermore zircon from albitite shows a protolith age of 1272
Ma ±16 (Engvik et al., 2017).
The Arendal granulite event in the Bamble Sector began at approximately 1145 Ma
(Engvik et al., 2016). Granulite-facies metamorphism is thought to have ended by 1098
±7 based on Sm-Nd dating (Kullerud and Dahlgren, 1993). Granulite metamorphism
is dated to 1139 ±11 Ma using metamorphic zircon (Engvik et al., 2016) and using
monazite U-Pb dating to between 1137 and 1127 Ma (Bingen et al., 2008b).
Albitisation is constrained by two groups of titanite U-Pb ages as occurring be-
tween 1104–1100 Ma and 1094–1093 Ma (Engvik et al., 2017). Monazite U-Pb ages
have also suggested two generations at 1101 ±5 and 1078 Ma (Engvik et al., 2017). Ru-
tile from scapolite metagabbro and albitite has yielded ages between 1090–1084 Ma
(Engvik et al., 2011) and 1110–1070 Ma, although these ages were reported as impre-
cise (Engvik et al., 2017).
Phlogopite associated with the formation of scapolite metagabbro was dated us-
ing Rb/Sr and gave slightly younger ages (1070 and 1040 Ma; Engvik et al. (2011)),160 J.K. P ORTER Section 4.3
though this may be due the lower closure temperature of Sr diffusion in mica and is
more likely a cooling age. From these earlier studies, the metamorphic processes that
occurred at Bamble were protracted and complex, extending over 50 million years at
the end of a multi-stage metamorphic event at the beginning of the Sveconorwegian
orogeny (Engvik et al., 2017). A summary of age data for the Kragerø area is given
in Figure 4.2. Not included in this summary is the Permian (265 Ma) Ar-Ar age ob-
tained from K-feldspar associated with low grade prehnite-pumpellyite assemblages
(unpublished Master’s thesis; Velo, 2014).
FIGURE 4.2: A summary of the U-Pb ages of rocks in the Kragerø area, di-
vided into those dating protolith rocks, granulite metamorphism, and albite
and scapolite metasomatism. The dated mineral is shown next to the age. Zrn
- zircon, mz - monazite, ttn - titanite, phl - phlogopite, rt - rutile. References
are as in the text.
4.3.2. P-T ESTIMATES AND FLUID CONDITIONS
Granulite-facies metamorphic rocks exist in irregular and sporadic locations along the
length of the Bamble Sector (Engvik et al., 2016), reﬂecting a more pervasive event
that has since been largely overprinted and retrogressed. Modelling granulite-facies
mineral paragenesis by Engvik et al. (2016) gives P-T conditions as high as 11.5 kbarsChapter 4 J.K. P ORTER 161
at>850 °C. However, other studies indicate the pressure may be lower (e.g., 7 kbars;
Bingen et al., 2008b; 7.0 kbars at 795 °C; Harlov, 2000). Fluid inclusion studies indi-
cate granulite-facies rocks have low water fugacities, likely due to an increase in CO 2
(Nijland et al., 1993).
Regional scapolitisation of the gabbro to form scapolite metagabbro is estimated at
approximately 600–700 °C at mid-crustal levels (at or above 5 kbars) (Lieftink et al.,
1994). Fluids attributed to scapolitisation are rich in Cl and Mg (Engvik et al., 2011)
and are associated with elevated Br and P contents, inferred from the abundance of
apatite mines at Ødeg ˚arden Verk (Figure 4.1B; Engvik et al., 2009; Lieftink et al., 1994).
The albitites are formed from Na-rich solutions (Engvik et al., 2008) at lower grade
conditions than those estimated for scapolitisation. Equilibrium of cpx-bearing albitite
assemblages has been estimated at much lower temperatures (410–420 °C) and upper-
to mid-crustal levels (Engvik et al., 2017), and from 350–450 °C at 2–4 kbar (Nijland
and Touret, 2001) as estimated from metasomatised gabbro in the central Bamble dis-
trict. Further studies by Engvik et al. (2017) conﬁrm albitisation occurred at <550 °C.
However, there is a mineral assemblage including prehnite, pumpellyite and analcime
associated with albitite that points to an even lower temperature of formation of <350
°C (Engvik et al., 2018).
Stable O, C and H isotope studies on Bamble area rocks indicate a magma-derived
ﬂuid with a heterogeneous sea water or evaporite-derived inﬁltration metasomatic
ﬂuid source (Engvik et al., 2018). However, these studies, in conjunction with halo-
gens in ﬂuid studies (Nijland et al., 1993) conﬁrm that ﬂuid inﬁltration, although wide
spread, is localised effect. Scapolite is a volatile-bearing mineral and its marialite
endmember contains Cl and CO 2. These species are released when scapolite breaks
down during albitisation. Scapolite metasomatism also mobilises Fe and other met-
als through breakdown of maﬁc minerals (Engvik et al., 2018). Thus, Fe is removed
through scapolitisation, but not albitisation. The high Ti and V contents in albitite
were inherited from the original scapolite metasomatism (Engvik et al., 2018). Albiti-162 J.K. P ORTER Section 4.4
sation had the effect of removing Cl, P and Br, which may have complexed metals,
contributing to metal transport and concentration elsewhere. Therefore, one effect of
scapolitisation followed by albitisation is the mobilisation, transport and concentra-
tion of Fe, resulting in Fe-ore mines found on Langøy. Concentration of Ti during
metasomatism also occurred as Ti remained in the original rocks in the form of either
rutile or titanite (Austrheim et al., 2008). Rutile was also concentrated in economic
quantities within the apatite mines at Ødeg ˚aden Verk.
4.4. A NALYTICAL METHODS
4.4.1. E LECTRON MICROPROBE MICRO -ANALYSIS (EMPA)
Polished thin sections were analysed using a Cameca SX 100 Electron Microprobe at
the University of Oslo. For most wave dispersive spectrometer readings, a current of
15 nA and an accelerating voltage of 15 kV was employed with 10 second integration
times. For trace element analysis, the current was increased to 200 nA, the accelerating
voltage remained at 15 kV and total reading time was increased to 8 minutes for each
point. Different major element compositions were used for matrix corrections for each
analysed mineral grain.
4.4.2. SHRIMP
Five rock types were chosen for Sensitive High-Resolution Ion Microprobe (SHRIMP)
analysis: metagabbro, scapolite metagabbro, scapolite fels, albitite and albitite after
scapolite fels. Rutile grains (30 m–500m) from each rock type were drilled from
polished thin sections and set in 25 mm epoxy mounts. The grains were imaged us-
ing the Tescan Mira3 VP-FESEM with Oxford scanning electron microscopy (SEM) In-
struments Inca X-Max 150 SDD X-ray detector at the John de Laeter Centre (JdLC) atChapter 4 J.K. P ORTER 163
Curtin University to assess petrographic relationships and identify areas for analysis
which were free of inclusions and mineral lamellae.
For U-Pb dating, the mounts were analysed in two separate sessions over ﬁve days
using the SHRIMP II B in the JdLC at Curtin University. The method used in rutile
analysis employed an O-beam in order to minimize orientation effects as described in
Taylor et al. (2012). Natural rutile grains with multiple orientations from the Windmill
Hill Quartzite (mount 08-03,207Pb/206Pb age 2633 ±1.1 Ma, assessed in house), were
used as a standard and analysed regularly using a 20 m spot size. For all sessions,
the207Pb/206Pb age of the Windmill Hill rutile standard were within the analytical
uncertainty of this value (population uncertainties of 1.9 to 3.2 Ma, 95 % c.l.) and no
fractionation correction was applied. SHRIMP data were reduced and analysed using
Squid and Isoplot 3.75 (Ludwig, 2001). As the Th content in rutile was <1 ppm,208Pb
was used for the common Pb correction (see Tables 2a through 2e of Appendix E).
4.4.3. LA-ICP-MS
LA-ICP-MS rutile trace element measurements were made at the GeoHistory Facility
in the JdLC, Curtin University, Perth, Australia. Individual rutile grains were ablated
using a Resonetics RESOlution M-50A-LR, incorporating a Compex 102 excimer laser.
The sample cell was ﬂushed with ultrahigh purity He (350 mL min-1) and N2(3.8
mL min-1). Isotopic intensities were measured using an Agilent 7700s quadrupole
ICP-MS, with high purity Ar as the plasma gas (ﬂow rate 1 L min-1).
Two cleaning pulses preceded a 30 s period of baseline count acquisition and 40
s ablations at a 4 Hz repetition rate using a 22 or 33 m beam and laser energy of
2 Jcm-2. Thirty-ﬁve isotopes were monitored for 0.01 s each (see Appendix E, Ta-
ble 3). International glasses TiG (Jochum et al., 2010), BCR-2G and BHVO (Jochum
et al., 2007); and natural rutile standards R10 (Luvizotto et al., 2009) and Wodgina
(large crystal from Wodgina, Western Australia, characterised for trace elements in164 J.K. P ORTER Section 4.5
house and from Ewing, 2011) were used as the primary and secondary standards to
calculate elemental concentrations (using47Ti as the internal standard isotope and an
assumed 59.95 % Ti content in rutile) and to correct for instrument drift, and monitor
accuracy and precision. Standard blocks were typically run after 20 unknown analy-
ses. During the time-resolved analysis, contamination resulting from inclusions and
compositional zoning were monitored and only the relevant part of the signal was in-
tegrated. The trace element results for primary and secondary standards indicate that
the accuracy was better than 5 % for most elements. The analytical precision was be-
tween than 2 and 6 % from most elements, except for Mo and Fe, which were between
10 and 11 %. The time-resolved mass spectra were reduced using the Trace Element
data reduction scheme in Iolite 3.5 (Paton et al., 2011, and references therein).
4.5. P ETROGRAPHY
Five different rock types were identiﬁed and sampled from the Ringsjø area. Two
metagabbro samples were collected: one predominantly comprised of amphibole al-
tered to chlorite and albite (Sample RI-1b, Section 4.5.1), and one of scapolite-bearing
metagabbro (Sample RI07-09-A, Section 4.5.2). Three highly metasomatised samples
were chosen: an albitite, formally albite-bearing metagabbro (Sample RI-1a, Section
4.5.4), an albitite, formerly scapolite fels (Sample B14-17A, Section 4.5.4), and scapolite
fels, formerly scapolite metagabbro (Sample RI06-09BI, Section 4.5.3). Here the term
fels is used to refer to a metamorphic rock exhibiting a granoblastic texture without
preferred orientation or foliation.
Samples RI-1a (albitite) and RI-1b (metagabbro) were taken from one polished thin
section cut from an outcrop at Ringsjø (Figure 4.5c). The main rock type of this outcrop
is scapolite metagabbro (ødeg ˚arite) which has zones of albitite alteration. At the con-
tact between the albitite (RI-1a) and scapolite metagabbro is a zone of albite-bearing
metagabbro (RI-1b) that contains no scapolite but likely was a scapolite metagabbroChapter 4 J.K. P ORTER 165
that has undergone incipient albitisation.
The protolith of these samples is a hyperite gabbro that, due to alteration, no longer
remains at the main sample location, Ringsjø. Therefore, samples of the original gab-
bro were collected at the Valberg Quarry. The hyperite is a coarse-grained olivine and
plagioclase-dominant rock, with a distinctive corona texture of olivine, progressively
reacted to form concentric haloes of orthopyroxene then clinopyroxene and plagio-
clase with intergrown amphibole and spinel (Figure 4.3a), plus accessory biotite and
opaques, including ilmenite.
Progressive breakdown of gabbro during retrogression amphibolitised the olivine
and pyroxene. Ilmenite abundance was reduced through removal of Fe, with the re-
maining Ti incorporated into retrogressive biotite and amphibole (see Appendix E,
Table 1). Chains of micron-sized zircon grains, formed around ilmenite at or near
the time of retrogression and are retained within the amphibolite (Austrheim et al.,
2008). These chains delineate the original ilmenite grain boundaries and were pre-
served during amphibolitisation. The area demarcated by the zircon grains can be
used to estimate the amount lost of Fe lost during retrogression (Figure 4.3b, see also
Austrheim et al. (2008)).
4.5.1. M ETAGABBRO
Albite, amphibole and chlorite are the main constituents of the retrogressed metagab-
bro. The matrix also includes K-feldspar, titanite veining and rutile. Titanite exists as
feathery, discontinuous veinlets and also occurs as a constituent of the rock matrix.
Other minor minerals include apatite and zircon.
Rutile in the metagabbro exists as <100m, yellow-brown translucent, subhedral
grains with Fe-exsolution lamellae and amphibole inclusions. Rutile is altered to titan-
ite along grain boundaries and titanite retrogression is more pervasive in the central
area of smaller grains (Figure 4.4a). Rutile grains under 100 m in size have been166 J.K. P ORTER Section 4.5
(A)
 (B)
FIGURE 4.3: (a) Cross-polarised photo micrograph of the hyperite gabbro of
olivine (olv) with coronas of orthopyroxene (opx) and clinopyroxene (cpx) in
plagioclase (plag). (b) BSE image of the remnants of an ilmenite (ilm) grain
replaced by amphibole (amp). Strings of micron-scale zircon (zrn) grains de-
lineate the original ilmenite grain boundary.
nearly completely retrogressed to titanite. Calcite veinlets cut across titanitised rutile
grains and calcite blebs co-exist with titanite along rutile grain boundaries.
4.5.2. S CAPOLITE METAGABBRO
The scapolite metagabbro is primarily an amphibole- and Cl-scapolite-rich rock ﬁrst
described by Brøgger (1934) as ødeg ˚arite (Figure 4.5a) with minor rutile, biotite, Fe-
oxides and F- and V-bearing hydrogarnet. The amphibole is a moss green, Ti-bearing,
Ca-rich pargasite (Appendix E, Table 1). Scapolite grain boundaries are commonly
sharp, exhibiting the 120° angle granoblastic texture. Along a few grain boundaries,
scapolite has begun to break down to veinlets of titanite and chlorite. Clinopyroxene
from the original gabbro has also broken down to titanite, amphibole and chlorite,
though it is likely the chlorite is secondary after amphibole. Amphibole and biotite
also show incipient breakdown to chlorite and titanite, two minerals that are associ-
ated with albitite paragenesis and may reﬂect the onset of albitisation in the scapoliteChapter 4 J.K. P ORTER 167
metagabbro.
Rutile grains are euhedral with sharp grain boundaries, also exhibiting a granoblas-
tic texture (Figure 4.4c). Iron exsolution is common along cleavage planes. Trace
amounts of rounded, porous apatite and micron-sized zircon also occur.
4.5.3. S CAPOLITE FELS
The scapolite fels is comprised nearly completely of 100 % marialite (Figure 4.5b).
Scapolite crystals exhibit textures of recrystallisation, with 120° granoblastic grain
boundaries (Figure 4.4d). Scapolite grain boundaries are often chloritised. There are
sparse, rounded, pink hydrogarnet. and pleochroic blue tourmaline grains. Tourma-
line is zoned with greater concentrations of V and Ti in the rim and Fe in the core.
Thin calcite veinlets are present, and zircon, apatite, V-bearing Fe-oxides and quartz
occur as trace minerals. Small, opaque blebs of Fe-oxides are extant within the larger
chlorite grains around scapolite. The chlorite is likely secondary after amphibole or
biotite, formed during a lower temperature event.
The rutile in scapolite fels is large, subhedral, yellow-brown translucent with sharp
grain boundaries, amphibole and zircon inclusions, and occasional titanite ‘ﬂames’
perpendicular to the rutile grain (Figure 4.4d). Iron exsolution lamellae are found
along rutile cleavage planes. Individual rutile grains are cut and have been broken
down to titanite and Fe oxides. Scapolite has, in part, been chloritised along grain
boundaries. In those areas, the rutile with ilmenite has broken down to titanite and Fe
oxides (occasionally V-bearing). In non-hydrated regions, the rutile grains are euhe-
dral with sharp grain boundaries. Quartz and calcite found as veins and in the matrix,
were produced from the breakdown of scapolite.
The main differences in mineralogy between scapolite fels and the scapolite metagab-
bro is the increase in scapolite and quartz contents and the lack of amphibole within168 J.K. P ORTER Section 4.5
(A)
 (B)
(C)
 (D)
FIGURE 4.4: BSE images of (a) rutile (rt) morphology in albite-bearing
metagabbro from Sample RI-1b. Titanite (ttn) alteration of rutile occurs at
the grain boundary and is more pervasive toward the centre. Calcite (cc) and
titanite veining is evident. (b) Rutile morphology in albitite from Sample RI-
1a. Calcite cuts the rutile grain and exists with albite (ab) in the matrix. Grain
boundaries are not as altered to titanite as in the metagabbro of RI-1b. (c) Eu-
hedral rutile in scapolite metagabbro (RI07-09-A) with apatite (ap) inclusions.
No alteration of rutile is evident. Scapolite (scp) is altered to chlorite (chl) at
grain boundaries. (d) Incipient albitisation in scapolite fels (RI06-09BI) with
rutile altering to titanite. Quartz (qtz), Fe-oxides (Fe-ox), ilmenite (ilm), Fe
exsolution lamellae (Fe-ex).Chapter 4 J.K. P ORTER 169
(A)
 (B)
(C)
(D)
FIGURE 4.5: Photo-micrographs of (a) scapolite metagabbro including am-
phibole, marialitic scapolite (scp) and rutile associated with amphibole
(ødeg ˚arite, RI07-09-A). (b) Scapolite fels of coarse marialitic scapolite and
chlorite (chl) associated with rutile (RI06-09BI). (c) The distinct contact be-
tween the metagabbro (green, RI-1b) and albitite (pink, RI-1a). Rutile (rt)
grains within the albitite are larger and more abundant compared to within
the albite metagabbro. (d) The distinct boundary between the scapolite fels
and albitite. The original scapolite grain boundaries can still be delineated
within the albitite (red dotted line, FO-RI-1-1)
.170 J.K. P ORTER Section 4.5
the scapolite fels. The scapolite composition of both the scapolite fels and scapolite
metagabbro remains the same; a high Cl marialite.
4.5.4. A LBITITE
The contact between the albitite with metagabbro is sharp and distinct (Figure 4.5c).
The albitite after metagabbro and scapolite fels has a feathery appearance and contains
ﬁbrous chlorite, K-feldspar and calcite in the rock matrix. The mineralogy is cut by car-
bonate veining and one grain-width quartz veining. The rock matrix is porous, with
intergrown albite and calcite, chlorite and ﬁne, irregular titanite veins. The porous
texture of the matrix (Figure 4.6a) is indicative of dissolution-reprecipitation (Putnis
and Austrheim, 2010) and is not seen within rutile grains. Other low grade minerals
within the albite mineralogy include prehnite (Figure 4.6b), pumpellyite, analcime,
epidote and chlorite. Trace minerals include up to 20 m rounded apatite grains and
V-bearing Fe-oxides.
Rutile within albitite after metagabbro is a translucent red-brown colour, coarse-
grained (over 200 m) with common Fe exsolution along cleavage and twin planes.
Grain boundaries vary from sharp to partially altered to titanite (Figure 4.4b). Retro-
gression to titanite and Cr-V-bearing ilmenite is also apparent within the rutile along
cracks and grain weaknesses. Fe-Cr-V-oxides and zircon are included within rutile
grains.
The albitite mineralogy that has replaced scapolite fels retains the original out-
line of the statically recrystallised, granoblastic scapolite grains, despite scapolite no
longer existing within the albitite mineral assemblage (Figure 4.5d). The rutile grains
of the albitite after scapolite fels are pitted (Figure 4.6a) and subhedral with Fe- and
Cr-bearing titanite alteration at grain boundaries. Titanite and K-feldspar veins cut
through rutile grains and follow cleavage and twin planes. Inclusions are rounded
zircon grains, Cr-bearing chlorite and titanite. Remains of the Ca- and Fe-rich ( ±V ,Chapter 4 J.K. P ORTER 171
(A)
 (B)
FIGURE 4.6: BSE images of (a) rutile (rt) in the albitite after scapolite fels.
Grains are of similar size to those in the scapolite fels and scapolite metagab-
bro, however the surfaces are irregular and pitted. Zircon (zrn) is included
in the rutile grains, which exhibit some retrogression to titanite (ttn) along
grain boundaries. Remnants of hydrogarnet (grt) from the scapolite fels are
present. The albitite groundmass is primarily porous albite with pockets of
calcite (cc). (b) Albitite replacing prehnite (prh). Prehnite laths and titanite
ﬂames, products of biotite instability at low grade conditions, were replaced
by albite (ab).172 J.K. P ORTER Section 4.6
Cr) hydrogarnet from the scapolite fels are found in trace quantities. The hydrogarnet
has broken down to titanite and Cr- and V-bearing Fe-oxides.
4.6. R ESULTS
4.6.1. U-P B GEOCHRONOLOGY
Rutile grains (50 and 500 m) were analysed in situ with SHRIMP over ﬁve days in
two analytical sessions. Rutile grains were imaged by SEM to avoid inclusions, other
mineral contaminants and lamellae during analytical targeting.The rutile age data are
summarised in Table 4.1. Only207Pb/206Pb ages which are within 5 % of concordancy
and have<2 % common Pb were used in age calculations. Statistical assessment of the
data for each sample is also presented in Table 4.1. All near-concordant data for each
sample form a single age population (i.e.: MSWD near 1.0). Analytical uncertainty
in pooled age measurements are largely controlled by the U-content and number of
analyses. Tables 2a through 2e of Appendix E summarise all data collected for each
sample.
Concordia plots of the near-concordant data are presented in Figures 4.7A through
4.7E, along with an age probability plot with all near-concordant data combined (Fig-
ure 4.7F). The age probability plot is symmetrical with an MSWD of 1.01 for all 78
near-concordant analyses. With no data rejection and no evidence of older or younger
outliers, the data are interpreted to conform to a single age for all samples at 1079.3
±3.8 Ma. Given the variable older history of the rocks, this is interpreted as a cool-
ing age at which time the terrane cooled through the inferred blocking temperature of
Pb-diffusion in rutile of 630 °C (Cherniak, 2000; Vry and Baker, 2006).Chapter 4 J.K. P ORTER 173
FIGURE 4.7: Concordia diagrams of all concordant data (within 5%) from: A.
N17-13, albitite B. N17-14, metagabbro C. N17-33, scapolite fels D. N17-34,
scapolite metagabbro and E. N17-35, albitite after scapolite. All concordant
analyses of all samples have a combined weighted mean age of 1079.3 ±3.8
Ma. F. A probability distribution plot of all concordant ages, showing a sym-
metric curve of 1079 Ma (MSWD = 1.01), indicating one age for the entire
data set.174 J.K. P ORTER Section 4.6
TABLE 4.1: Summary of all near-concordant ages for each analysed rock type,
the number (n) of samples analysed, the number of grains analysed and the
average and range of U concentration of each sample in ppm. This data set is
interpreted to conform to a single age at 1079.3 ±3.8 Ma.
4.6.2. T RACE ELEMENT CHEMISTRY
In total, 195 in situ rutile analyses from ﬁve different rock types were obtained over
two sessions including 32 spots for the metagabbro, 38 for the scapolite metagabbro,
62 for the scapolite fels, 27 for the albitite after scapolite fels and 36 for the albitite
(Appendix E, Table 3).
Rutile grains sourced from the metagabbro contain low concentrations of V and
low Cr yielding a high Nb/Cr ratio compared to the more metasomatised equivalents
(Figure 4.8a). Conversely, the most metasomatised rock types, the albitites, contain
Cr and V concentrations approximately 2000 ppm to 3000 ppm greater, respectively,
than that of their precursor rock. There is a corresponding increase in Cr content from
an average of 110 ppm to 2050 ppm, and V from 1220 ppm to 4135 ppm, which
correlates to a general increase in Nb from 415 ppm to 595 ppm; and Sc from 7 to 46
ppm and a decrease in U from 60 to 50 ppm (Figures 4.8c, 4.8d; Appendix E, Table 3).
Iron decreases from a median value of 1090 ppm to 535 ppm. However, some of the
very high Fe results may be due to inadvertent analysis of Fe-exsolution lamellae and
may not accurately reﬂect the true concentration of Fe within the rutile structure.Chapter 4 J.K. P ORTER 175
Similarly, the chemical changes in rutile from those in scapolite-bearing metagab-
bro to those in scapolite fels and albitite are similar to those in rutile from the non-
scapolite bearing samples. For example, the V and Cr contents increase from an aver-
age of 180 ppm to 1660 and 2630 ppm for Cr, respectively; and from 930 ppm to 2500
and 2100 ppm for V , respectively. In the scapolite-bearing rocks, the Sc content in the
metagabbro averages 3 ppm and increases in the scapolite fels to 19 ppm and to 40
ppm in the albitite. There are similar decreases in U contents from an average of 105
ppm in metagabbro to 67 ppm in scapolite fels and 76 ppm in albitite; and decreases
in Mo contents from 35 ppm to 12 ppm in scapolite fels and 8 ppm in albitite after
scapolite fels (see Figs. 4.8a through 4.8d; Appendix E, Table 3).
Ratios of Zr/Hf are systematically higher in the metagabbro rutile grains (median
49) than those of the albitite (median 30). Additionally Nb/Ta ratios, with signiﬁcant
overlap, are generally lower in the metagabbro grains (median 25) compared to the
albitite rutile (median 56) (see Figure 4.8b). These changes in Zr/Hf and Nb/Ta ra-
tios are mirrored in the changes from scapolite metagabbro through scapolite fels and
albitite after scapolite fels as Zr/Hf ratios decrease from a median of 37 to 25 and 24,
respectively. Similarly, Nb/Ta values increase from 36 in the scapolite metagabbro to
44 in the scapolite fels and albitite after scapolite fels. Notably, there is no signiﬁcant
change in the rutile chemistry from the scapolite fels to the albitite after scapolite fels.
The progressive albitisation of the scapolite fels rocks did not produce further change
in the rutile chemistry.
4.6.3. Z R-IN-RUTILE GEOTHERMOMETRY
For each rock type, temperature of formation was determined using pressure de-
pendent Zr-in-rutile geothermometry (ZiRGy) developed by Tomkins et al. (2007).
Pressures of approximately 7–9 kbars were determined independently using Al-in-
calcic amphibole geobarometry (see Appendix E, Table 1) (Hollister et al., 1987; Ham-
marstrom and Zen, 1986; Schmidt, 1992; Johnson and Rutherford, 1989). These pres-176 J.K. P ORTER Section 4.6
(A)
 (B)
(C)
(D)
FIGURE 4.8: (a) Plot comparing the pelitic versus maﬁc source discriminant
developed by Triebold et al. (2012) where data with a Nb/Cr ratio >1 are con-
sidered to be from a pelitic source. Both metagabbros (green) have lower con-
centrations of Cr and V , which are typically elevated in maﬁc rocks, whereas
the scapolite and albite metasomatic rocks show elevated Cr and V concentra-
tions and fall within the maﬁc source zone. The colour legend in this ﬁgure
is applicable to all in this section. (b) Plot showing the Zr/Hf versus Nb/Ta
ratios of the metagabbros and more metasomatic albitites and scapolites. Both
metagabbro samples show consistently higher Zr/Hf ratios compared to their
more metasomatic counterparts. Dashed lines showing chondritic values of
19.9 for Nb/Ta and 34.3 for Zr/Hf are plotted for reference. (c) Correlation
between U and Mo concentrations in rutile, both elements decreasing with
progressive scapolitisation and albitisation. (d) A plot showing the increase in
Sc concentration in the albitite and scapolite fels rocks. There is also a general
decrease in Fe content in the more metasomatised rocks. This is not consistent
as higher Fe concentrations may indicate some incorporation of Fe-exsolution
lamellae within some analyses.Chapter 4 J.K. P ORTER 177
sures are indicative of mid-crustal depths, similar to pressures calculated by Bin-
gen et al. (2008b) and Harlov (2000) of 7 kbars during granulite metamorphism, al-
though higher pressures of 11.5 kbars were calculated by Engvik et al. (2016). Pres-
sure estimates using Al-in-Ca amphibole geobarometry during albitisation are higher
(7 kbars) than 2–5 kbars, calculated by Nijland and Touret (2001) and Lieftink et al.
(1994). The geobarometers were developed using amphibole formed during igneous
crystallisation, not during metamorphic processes, so may not be applicable. There-
fore ZiRGy temperature estimates were calculated using pressures between 11.5 kbars
(Engvik et al., 2016) and 5 kbars to show and compare all possible temperatures in
which the rutile may have formed.
FIGURE 4.9: Box-plots of formation temperatures using ZiRGy from Tomkins
et al. (2007) at 7 kbars. Taking the upper limits of the interquartile range, rutile
from all rock types formed within granulite-facies conditions. Dots within
boxes are average, lines are median, circles and triangles are outliers 1.5 and
3 times the interquartile range, respectively. Number of analyses for albitite,
albitite after scapolite fels, scapolite fels and scapolite metagabbro is 36, 26,
27, 38 and 38, respectively. Legend is the same as in Fig. 4.8a.
No grain proﬁles were performed to ﬁnd maximum Zr concentration as suggested
by Taylor-Jones and Powell (2015). However, the upper limit of the interquartile range
of a box plot (Tukey, 1977) using all analysed spots for each sample was used (Tomkins
et al., 2007) and is considered the conservative best temperature estimate. Rutile grains
considered to be on the boundary between rock types were excluded from ZiRGy cal-
culations. Using the calculated pressure from Bingen et al. (2008b) of 7 kbars, the178 J.K. P ORTER Section 4.7
median of all P estimates, the calculated rutile formation temperatures are between
785 and 795 °C for both the metagabbro and associated albitite rutile (Figure 4.9). Ap-
plying a pressure correction, the formation temperatures would increase by approxi-
mately 20 °C at 11.5 kbars, and would be 10 °C lower at 5 kbars. At mid-crust level
pressures, all calculated temperatures from data at the upper limit of the interquar-
tile box plot range lie within the granulite-facies range. For the scapolite-bearing
counterparts, the temperatures of formation are statistically similar and still at upper-
amphibolite to granulite-facies conditions. The rutile in albitite and scapolite fels has
nearly identical formation temperatures at approximately 760–765 °C, while the scapo-
lite metagabbro rutile yields 770 to 775 °C as the best conservative estimate for tem-
perature of formation. It is likely the actual formation temperatures were higher due
to Zr mobility during retrogression and zircon nucleation (Taylor-Jones and Powell,
2015).
4.7. D ISCUSSION
4.7.1. M ETASOMATISM
METAGABBRO TO ALBITITE Pyroxene, olivine and plagioclase in gabbro are replaced
by amphibole, chlorite and biotite during hydration and retrogression to form metagab-
bro. This metamorphic assemblage was replaced during albitisation to albite, chlorite,
calcite and prehnite. The distinct change in rock mineralogy is mirrored in the change
in rutile chemistry. Rutile formed during hydration of the gabbro, incorporating el-
ements reﬂective of the source rock, mineralogy and ﬂuid. Titanium was sourced
mainly from the breakdown of ilmenite, and the trace elements incorporated into ru-
tile were also obtained from the unstable minerals and source ﬂuids during hydration.
Low Nb and Cr in rutile from the metagabbro indicates a more pelitic source according
to the Nb/Cr ratio discriminant (Figure 4.8a) and the one developed by Triebold et al.Chapter 4 J.K. P ORTER 179
(2012), however this rutile formed from a gabbro protolith. It is more likely that the
maﬁc elements such as Cr and V were scavenged by abundant amphibole and lesser
biotite during retrogression and were not available for uptake into the rutile grains,
giving the rutile a lower Cr-V content and a higher Nb/Cr ratio than expected.
Albitisation changed rutile morphology by increasing the size and abundance of
grains, and changing their colour from yellow-brown to red-brown (Figure 4.5c), as
well as altering the trace element geochemistry. Texturally, rutile in albitite has euhe-
dral to subhedral crystal faces and the pervasive titanite retrogression at grain bound-
aries found in the metagabbro is absent. During metasomatism, there was an order of
magnitude increase in Cr content, a more than doubling of V and Sc concentrations, an
increase in approximately 200 ppm Nb; and a general decrease of Mo and U contents
(Figure 4.8a through Figure 4.8c, see also supplementary information, Table 2).
The complete alteration of rutile from the metagabbro to the albitite, less than a mil-
limetre apart (Figure 4.5c), suggests a complete breakdown of rutile in the metagabbro
followed by renucleation/reconstitution of rutile grains during metasomatism. There
is no indication of partially altered relicts or zoned grains from the trace element con-
tents as would be expected from diffusion. The new rutile grains have taken in the
available constituents of the original rock that were not partitioned into the new min-
eralogy. The source of Ti is the high-Ti amphibole and biotite (Appendix E, Table 1)
as well as rutile and remaining ilmenite already formed in the metagabbro. The in-
crease in size and number of rutile grains reﬂects: (a) the relative immobility of Ti,
even during extreme metasomatism, and (b) the conservation of Ti, originally within
the oxides, biotite and pyroxene of the gabbro, and incorporated within the amphibole
and biotite (see Appendix E, Table 1) of the metagabbro. Rutile is the only Ti-bearing
mineral in the albitite paragenesis and likely contains all the Ti-compatible trace high
ﬁeld strength elements remaining in the rock.
Rutile-compatible trace elements, such as Cr and V , were likely sourced from il-
menite and amphibole from the metagabbro. The incorporation of typically maﬁc ele-180 J.K. P ORTER Section 4.7
ments (i.e.: V , Cr) within the albitite rutile grains has important implications for using
rutile in provenance studies (Triebold et al., 2007, 2012; Zack et al., 2004b). The Nb/Cr
ratio has been used to evaluate felsic versus maﬁc source rocks. The metagabbro ru-
tile Nb/Cr ratio is notionally indicative of a more felsic origin than that of the albitite
(Figure 4.8a), though they ultimately have the same origin. Moreover, the ﬂuids from
which the metasomatic albitite rutile formed are thought to have been derived from a
mixed magmatic and crustal source (Engvik et al., 2018), not a mantle source that low
Nb/Cr values in rutile would typically indicate.
SCAPOLITE -BEARING ROCK SEQUENCE Texturally, albitite replaces scapolite-rich rocks
with ﬂuids either evolved from previous ﬂuids of the same event or from a later Na-
rich ﬂuid inﬂux. The scapolite metagabbro to scapolite fels to albitite metasomatic
sequence exhibits similar changes in rutile trace element geochemistry to that of the
non-scapolite-bearing metagabbro and albitite. Rutile geochemistry in the metagab-
bro compared with scapolite metagabbro is slightly different with regard to a few trace
elements, such as U and Mo (Figure 4.8c), but is similar in Nb, Cr and V contents (Fig-
ure 4.8a). Any original differences in trace element chemistry of rutile in metagabbro
may be due to heterogeneous amphibolitisation and ﬂuid inﬂux during the amphiboli-
tisation event (Engvik et al., 2018) or a change during scapolitisation. In general, the
geochemical changes in rutile of the scapolite metagabbro mirror those of the normal
metagabbro. Their chemistries are similar and distinct from both their more altered
counterparts, the scapolite fels and albitites. For example, V content doubles and Cr
increases by a factor of 10 in the scapolite fels and albitite after scapolite fels compared
to the scapolite metagabbro. Increases in Sc and decreases in Mo and U content are
also detected, just as with the non-scapolite rocks.
The change in rutile chemistry from the scapolite-bearing metagabbro to the scapo-
lite fels indicates that scapolitisation was a progressive process. Initially, scapolite
formed together with Ca-rich amphibole, pargasite, creating the ødeg ˚arite rock type.
With progression, the amphibole was destabilised which left marialite as the dominantChapter 4 J.K. P ORTER 181
rock-forming mineral, creating the scapolite fels rock type. The creation of scapolite
fels during the latter phase released Cr and V to be incorporated into newly formed
rutile, as well as V- and Cr-bearing Fe-oxides. The scapolite fels event led to signif-
icant changes in rutile trace element chemistry, similar to those found in the albitite
of the non-scapolite bearing rocks. There was no detected zonation to the chemical
changes and no relict grains remain in the scapolite fels. This suggests a complete
breakdown and recrystallisation of rutile during the scapolite fels phase of scapoliti-
sation. Subsequent albitisation did not result in further signiﬁcant changes to rutile
chemistry, which may indicate conditions required to alter the rutile grains were not
attained and they may be relict in the albitite.
Changes in rutile chemistry after the scapolite fels event are minimal, therefore
either the rutile was preserved during the albitisation event or was destroyed and re-
constituted with similar chemistry if the same species were available for uptake into
the rutile crystal structure. Rutile retains its calculated granulite-facies ZiRGy tem-
perature of formation, which is considered higher than temperatures calculated dur-
ing albitisation, from 350 °C to 550 °C (Nijland and Touret, 2001; Engvik et al., 2011,
2017). This could indicate that the albitite after the non-scapolite bearing metagabbro
may have experienced a cryptic scapolitisation event at granulite temperatures that
changed the rutile chemistry but was subsequently albitised. This removed all trace of
scapolite metasomatised mineralogy in the albitite except relict rutile, which retained
the granulite-facies temperature of formation and trace element chemistry produced
during the scapolite fels event.
Evidence supporting the preservation of rutile through albitisation includes the pit-
ted and cracked textures of the rutile in albitite suggesting the integrity of the crystal
was weakened through an event, but not to a degree that changed its chemistry. The
morphology of rutile is similar to that of grains that crystallised at conditions preva-
lent during scapolite formation. Rutile grains are large and subhedral to euhedral
which differs signiﬁcantly from the mineralogy associated with the albitisation event.182 J.K. P ORTER Section 4.7
The albite, calcite and prehnite are porous which is indicative of coupled dissolution-
reprecipitation reactions (Putnis and Austrheim, 2010) that are not evident within the
rutile grains.
From examples of both the scapolite metagabbro and scapolite fels in this study, the
scapolitisation not only occurs prior to the albitisation, but under differing differential
stress conditions. Both scapolite-bearing rock types are granoblastic, with euhedral
scapolite and rutile exhibiting 120° angle grain boundaries. Albitisation occurs by
inﬁltration of ﬂuids that appear as irregular ’ﬁngers’ that locally replace host rock
mineralogy (Figure 4.10a). The ﬂuid reacts to form albite-dominant rock and leaves
porous albite and titanite ’ﬂames’; minerals without distinct mineral grain boundaries
at this scale. The replacement mineralogy appears to have been formed solely through
localised ﬂuid inﬁltration that became more pervasive with increased ﬂuid interaction
and material inﬂux. Albite mineralogy near the reaction interface is anhedral and
porous. Titanite morphology appears affected by how fast inﬁltrating ﬂuids reacted,
appearing elongated and stretched where reactions were fast and otherwise resemble
ﬂames (Figure 4.10b). This shows a clear difference between the formation mechanism
and/or timing of the scapolite and albitite metasomatism. Scapolite formed prior to
or during a time of non-differential stress, thus forming a granoblastic texture. The
albitite appears to be ﬂuid driven, with irregular inﬁltration and crystallisation of a
lower temperature mineral assemblage by a Na-rich ﬂuid.
4.7.2. T IMING OF SCAPOLITE AND ALBITE METASOMATISM
Rutile dates from all rock types at Ringsjø are indistinguishable and occur at the end
of the Arendal event at 1079 Ma. This is consistent with previous monazite and ti-
tanite ages (end of the Sveconorwegian Orogeny in the Bamble Sector) (Engvik et al.,
2017) (Figure 4.2). This suggests that either rutile in all samples formed at the same
time, within analytical uncertainty, despite their signiﬁcant differences in trace ele-
ment chemistry, or that the rutile U-Pb age records a common event, such as the timeChapter 4 J.K. P ORTER 183
(A)
 (B)
FIGURE 4.10: (a) A BSE image showing incipient albitisation of scapolite
metagabbro where scapolite (scp) and amphibole (amp) are replaced by albite
(ab) and titanite (ttn), although titanite may also be a replacement product of
biotite. (b) Albitite replacement of scapolite showing the ﬂow structures of
titanite ‘ﬂames’. Titanite is elongated in areas of faster ‘ﬂow’ or ﬂuid inﬂux.
Neither albite nor titanite has distinct grain boundaries.184 J.K. P ORTER Section 4.7
rutile cooled through its closure temperature of Pb diffusion at 630 °C (Cherniak,
2000; Vry and Baker, 2006). Despite this apparent homogenisation of the U-Pb system-
atics, any differences in compatible trace element chemistry were preserved because
compatible elements were less mobile at temperatures below granulite conditions.
ZiRGy derived formation temperatures (Figure 4.9) provide evidence that all ru-
tile grains formed at granulite-facies conditions, well above the Pb-diffusion blocking
temperature for rutile. Moreover, other isolated packages of rocks within the Bam-
ble Sector have been found to also exhibit granulite-facies formation temperatures
(Engvik et al., 2017). Scapolite is stable at granulite-facies conditions, and is associ-
ated with other Ca, Mg-bearing, high-grade, orthopyroxene, cordierite and sapphirine
rocks also found in the Ringsjø area (Engvik and Austrheim, 2010). These observations
indicate rutile in all studied rock types formed at or following peak metamorphism
that began at 1145 Ma (Engvik et al., 2016) and before the measured rutile U-Pb age of
1079 Ma.
There is an inconsistency between the ZiRGy temperature estimates for the albitite
rutile (>760 °C) and previous estimations of albitisation formation temperatures,
which vary from 350–450 °C (Nijland and Touret, 2001) to 410 – 420 °C (Engvik et al.,
2017) based on pseudosection modelling and plagioclase content. The coexistence of
prehnite, pumpellyite and albite indicates formation temperatures under 250 – 350 °C.
However, the rutile temperatures calculated using ZiRGy at mid-crustal pressures (7
kbars) (Tomkins et al., 2007; Harlov, 2000) indicate the rutile grains formed at much
higher, granulite temperatures. ZiRGy is only applicable where zircon, SiO 2and ru-
tile are in equilibrium (Zack et al., 2004a; Watson et al., 2006). Without saturation of
SiO2, Zr content would be increased in rutile, giving an artiﬁcially elevated formation
temperature. However, quartz was identiﬁed in the ﬁeld and in thin section, so the
ZiRGy estimates are applicable and minimum formation temperatures were 760 °C
and likely higher.
The high-grade rutile grains may have survived the albitisation process and theirChapter 4 J.K. P ORTER 185
trace element geochemistry may reﬂect the granulite conditions of scapolite forma-
tion. Scapolite fels formation changed the rutile composition drastically relative to the
metagabbro and scapolite metagabbro composition, but the rutile chemistry was not
changed during albitisation. The rutile is therefore not part of the albitite metasoma-
tism paragenesis and does not reﬂect the formation conditions or age of the albitite.
There may be a cryptic low-grade event that occurred after 1079 Ma and below 630 °C
that changed the overall rock mineralogy to reﬂect much lower formation conditions,
but this event was not at high enough temperature to affect rutile chemistry.
Prehnite, pumpellyite and analcime are found in, and close to, veins at the Valberg
Quarry. These low grade minerals are associated with K-feldspar that has been dated
to the Permian Oslo Rift event (Velo, 2014). During albitisation of biotite, albite and
prehnite have formed together on planes in biotite laths. This suggests albitisation, at
least in part, was associated and coeval with a low temperature event that occurred
after scapolitisation. This low temperature paragenesis has also been identiﬁed in the
Ringsjø area (Jamtveit and Austrheim (2010), Fig. 1). Magmatism associated with the
Permian Oslo Rift event is found approximately 10 km from Ringsjø and represents a
signiﬁcant source of heat and large ﬂuid reservoir that could have affected susceptible
mineralogy to reﬂect a low grade resetting.
4.8. C ONCLUSIONS
Scapolitisation occurred in the Bamble Sector with the production of scapolite metagab-
bro that progressed to an advanced stage whereby amphibole destabilised to create
scapolite fels, a granoblastic scapolite-dominant rock (Figure 4.11). Both phases con-
tain rutile as a main accessory mineral, but incorporated signiﬁcantly different trace
element chemistries.
Albitisation occurred after scapolitisation, possibly as a related, progressive part of186 J.K. P ORTER Section 4.8
FIGURE 4.11: Summary sketch of the chemical evolution of rock and rutile
from the hyperite gabbro through metagabbro formation and scapolite and
albite metasomatism. Rutile is formed during the creation of metagabbro
and incorporation of Ti from pyroxene and Fe-oxide breakdown at granulite-
facies temperatures. Despite forming from a gabbro, rutile did not incorpo-
rate much Cr and V , which are typically indicative of a maﬁc source. These
trace elements were retained within the formed amphibole or remaining titan-
ite and Fe-oxides. Rutile chemistry within both metagabbros is similar. The
scapolitisation event did not initially change the metagabbro rutile chemistry
signiﬁcantly. Progressive scapolitisation destabilised amphibole, biotite and
rutile, changing the rutile chemistry signiﬁcantly by increasing the Cr, V and
Sc contents and decreasing Fe, U and Mo. The subsequent albitisation event
did not change the chemistry further. The question mark reﬂects the possi-
bility that a cryptic scapolitisation event may have occurred that signiﬁcantly
changed the rutile chemistry prior to albitisation, but is no longer present in
the rock.Chapter 4 J.K. P ORTER 187
the Arendal event. However, its timing is not well constrained and may have occurred
as late as during the Permian Oslo Rift event.
Rutile cannot be used to individually discriminate the timing of scapolitisation and
albitisation events at the end of the Sveconorwegian as all rutile ages record cooling
through Pb closure temperature at 1079 Ma. Subsequent thermal events, including
the Permian Oslo Rift, did not reach temperatures high enough to affect the rutile U-
Pb system, though they may have changed the albitite mineral paragenesis locally to
include prehnite, chlorite, analcime and pumpellyite.
The inconsistency in Nb/Cr ratio within this package of rocks reveals weakness in
the reliability of this ratio as a provenance indicator within terranes that have been
intensely metasomatised. Certainly this ratio cannot be relied upon indiscriminately
and careful evaluation is recommended when considering rutile of detrital origin.
4.9. A CKNOWLEDGEMENTS
This research was funded in-part by the Minerals Research Institute of Western Aus-
tralia (MRIWA) M448 grant. Muriel Erambert provided assistance on the EMP and the
students of Geo4860 aided in data collection at the University of Oslo. The SHRIMP II
analyses were carried out with the ﬁnancial support of the Australian Research Coun-
cil and AuScope NCRIS. GeoHistory Facility instruments were funded via an Aus-
tralian Geophysical Observing System grant provided to AuScope Pty Ltd. by the
AQ44 Australian Education Investment Fund program. Andrew Putnis is thanked for
providing the sample that started this research.188 J.K. P ORTER Section 4.10
4.10. R EFERENCES
Austrheim, H., Putnis, C. V ., Engvik, A. K., and Putnis, A. (2008). Zircon coronas
around Fe–Ti oxides: a physical reference frame for metamorphic and metasomatic
reactions. Contributions to Mineralogy and Petrology , 156:517–527.
Bingen, B., Davis, W. J., Hamilton, M. A., Engvik, A. K., Stein, H. J., Sk ˚ar, Ø., and
Nordgulen, Ø. (2008a). Geochronology of high-grade metamorphism in the Sve-
conorwegian belt, S. Norway: U-Pb, Th-Pb and Re-Os data. Norwegian Journal of
Geology , 88:13–42.
Bingen, B., Nordgulen, Ø., and Viola, G. (2008b). A four-phase model for the Sve-
conorwegian orogeny, SW Scandinavia. Norwegian Journal of Geology , 88:43–72.
Brøgger, W. C. (1934). On several Archean rocks from the south coast of Norway. II.
The South Norwegian hyperites and their metamorphism. Det Norske Videnskaps
Selskap i Oslo Skrifter. Matematisk+Naturligvidenskapelig Klasse , 1:1–421.
Cherniak, D. J. (2000). Pb diffusion in rutile. Contributions to Mineralogy and Petrology ,
139:198–207.
Engvik, A. K. and Austrheim, H. (2010). Formation of sapphirine and corundum in
scapolitised and Mg-metasomatised gabbro. Terra Nova , 22(3):166–171.
Engvik, A. K., Bingen, B., and Solli, A. (2016). Localized occurrences of granulite: P-
T modeling, U-Pb geochronology and distribution of early-Sveconorwegian high-
grade metamorphism in Bamble, South Norway. Lithos , 240-243:84–103.
Engvik, A. K., Corfu, F., Solli, A., and Austrheim, H. (2017). Sequence and timing of
mineral replacement reactions during albitisation in the high-grade Bamble litho-
tectonic domain, S-Norway. Precambrian Research , 291:1–16.Chapter 4 J.K. P ORTER 189
Engvik, A. K., Golla-Schindler, U., Berndt, J., Austrheim, H., and Putnis, A. (2009).
Intragranular replacement of chlorapatite by hydroxy-ﬂuor-apatite during metaso-
matism. Lithos , 112:236–246.
Engvik, A. K., Mezger, K., Wortelkamp, S., Bast, R., Corfu, F., Korneliussen, A., Ihlen,
P ., Bingen, B., and Austrheim, H. (2011). Metasomatism of gabbro - mineral replace-
ment and element mobilization during the Sveconorwegian metamorphic event.
Journal of Metamorphic Geology , 29(4):399–423.
Engvik, A. K., Putnis, A., Fitz Gerald, J. D., and Austrheim, H. (2008). Albitization
of Granitic Rocks: the Mechanism of Replacement of Oligoclase By Albite. The
Canadian Mineralogist , 46:1401–1415.
Engvik, A. K., Taubald, H., Solli, A., Grenne, T., and Austrheim, H. (2018). Dynamic
Metasomatism: Stable Isotopes, Fluid Evolution, and Deformation of Albitite and
Scapolite Metagabbro (Bamble Lithotectonic Domain, South Norway). Geoﬂuids ,
pages 1–23.
Ewing, T. A. (2011). Hf isotope analysis and U-Pb geochronology of rutile: Technique devel-
opment and application to a lower crustal section (Ivrea-Verban Zone, Italy) . PhD thesis,
The Australian National University.
Hammarstrom, J. M. and Zen, E.-A. (1986). Aluminum in hornblende: an empirical
igneous geobarometer. American Mineralogist , 71:1297–1313.
Harlov, D. E. (2000). Pressure-temperature estimation in orthopyroxene-garnet bear-
ing granulite facies rocks, Bamble Sector, Norway. Mineralogy and Petrology , 69:11–
33.
Harlov, D. E., F ¨orster, H.-J., and Njland, T. G. (2002). Fluid-induced nucleation of (Y +
REE)-phosphate minerals within apatite: Nature and experiment. Part I. Chlorap-
atite. American Mineralogist , 87:245–261.190 J.K. P ORTER Section 4.10
Hollister, L. S., Grissom, G. C., Peters, E. K., Stowell, H. H., and Sisson, V . B. (1987).
Conﬁrmation of the empirical correlation of Al in hornblende with pressure of so-
lidiﬁcation of calc-alkaline plutons. American Mineralogist , 72:231–239.
Jamtveit, B. and Austrheim, H. (2010). Metamorphism: The role of ﬂuids. Elements ,
6:153–158.
Jochum, K. P ., Nohl, U., Herwig, K., Lammel, E., Stoll, B., and Hofmann, A. W. (2007).
GeoReM: A New Geochemical Database for Reference Materials and Isotopic Stan-
dards. Geostandards and Geoanalytical Research , 29(3):333–338.
Jochum, K. P ., Wilson, S. A., Abouchami, W., Amini, M., Chmeleff, J., Eisenhauer,
A., Hegner, E., Iaccheri, L. M., Kieffer, B., Krause, J., Mcdonough, W. F., Mertz-
kraus, R., Raczek, I., Rudnick, R. L., Scholz, D., Steinhoefel, G., Stoll, B., Stracke,
A., Tonarini, S., Weis, D., Weis, U., and Woodhead, J. D. (2010). GSD-1G and MPI-
DING Reference Glasses for In Situ and Bulk Isotopic Determination. Geostandards
and Geoanalytical Research , 35(2):193–226.
Johnson, M. C. and Rutherford, M. J. (1989). Experimental calibration of the
aluminium-in-hornblende geobarometer with application to Long Valley caldera
(California) volcanic rocks. Geology , 17:837–841.
Kullerud, L. and Dahlgren, S. H. (1993). Sm-Nd geochronology of Sveconorwegian
granulite facies mineral assemblages in the Bamble Shear Belt, South Norway. Pre-
cambrian Research , 64:389–402.
Leake, B. E. (1978). Nomenclature of amphiboles. The Canadian Mineralogist , 16:501–
520.
Lieftink, D. J., Nijland, T. G., and Maijer, C. (1994). The behavior of rare-earth elements
in high-temperature Cl-bearing aqueous ﬂuids: results from the Ødeg ˚arden Verk
natural laboratory. The Canadian Mineralogist , 32:149–158.Chapter 4 J.K. P ORTER 191
Ludwig, K. R. (2001). User’s manual for Isoplot 3.75 - A geochronological toolkit for
Microsoft Excel. Berkeley Geochronology Centre Special Publication No. 5 , pages 1–75.
Luvizotto, G. L., Zack, T., Meyer, H. P ., Ludwig, T., Triebold, S., Kronz, A., M ¨unker, C.,
Stockli, D. F., Prowatke, S., Klemme, S., Jacob, D. E., and von Eynatten, H. (2009).
Rutile crystals as potential trace element and isotope mineral standards for micro-
analysis. Chemical Geology , 261:346–369.
Meinhold, G. (2010). Rutile and its applications in earth sciences. Earth-Science Reviews ,
102:1–28.
Meinhold, G., Anders, B., Kostopoulos, D., and Reischmann, T. (2008). Rutile chem-
istry and thermometry as provenance indicator: An example from Chios Island,
Greece. Sedimentary Geology , 203:98–111.
Mogessie, A., Tessadri, R., and Veltman, C. B. (1990). EMP-AMPH-A hypercard pro-
gram to determine the name of an amphibole from electron microprobe analysis
according to the International Mineralogical Association scheme. Computers and
Geosciences , 16:309–330.
Nijland, T. G., Harlov, D. E., and Andersen, T. (2014). The Bamble Sector, South Nor-
way: A review. Geoscience Frontiers , 5:635–658.
Nijland, T. G., Jansen, J. B. H., and Maijer, C. (1993). Halogen geochemistry of ﬂuid
during amphibolite-granulite metamorphism as indicated by apatite and hydrous
silicates in basic rocks from the Bamble Sector, South Norway. Lithos , 30:167–189.
Nijland, T. G. and Touret, J. L. R. (2001). Replacement of graphic pegmatite by graphic
albite-actinolite-clino pyroxene intergrowths (Mj ˚avatn, southern Norway). Euro-
pean Journal of Mineralogy , 13:41–50.
Nijland, T. G., Touret, J. L. R., and Visser, D. (1998). Anomalously Low Tempera-
ture Orthopyroxene, Spinel, and Sapphirine Occurrences in Metasediments from192 J.K. P ORTER Section 4.10
the Bamble Amphibolite-to-Granulite Facies Transition Zone (South Norway): Pos-
sible Evidence for Localized Action of Saline Fluids. The Jounal of Geology , 106:575–
590.
Paton, C., Hellstrom, J., Paul, B., Woodhead, J., and Hergt, J. (2011). Iolite: Freeware
for the visualisation and processing of mass spectrometric data. Journal of Analytical
Atomic Spectrometry , 26:2508.
Putnis, A. and Austrheim, H. (2010). Fluid-induced processes: metasomatism and
metamorphism. Geoﬂuids , 10:254–269.
Rock, N. M. S. and Leake, B. E. (1984). The International Mineralogical Association
amphibole nomenclature scheme: computerization and its consequences. Miner-
alogical Magazine , 48:211–227.
R¨osel, D., Zack, T., and Boger, S. D. (2014). LA-ICP-MS U-Pb dating of detrital ru-
tile and zircon from the Reynolds Range: A window into the Palaeoproterozoic
tectonosedimentary evolution of the North Australian Craton. Precambrian Research ,
255:381–400.
Schmidt, M. W. (1992). Amphibole composition in tonalite as a function of pressure: an
experimental calibration of the Al-in-hornblende barometer. Contributions to Miner-
alogy and Petrology , 110:304–310.
Taylor, R., Clark, C., and Reddy, S. M. (2012). The effect of grain orientation on
secondary ion mass spectrometry (SIMS) analysis of rutile. Chemical Geology , 300-
301:81–87.
Taylor-Jones, K. and Powell, R. (2015). Interpreting zirconium-in-rutile thermometric
results. Journal of Metamorphic Geology , 33:115–122.
Tomkins, H. S., Powell, R., and Ellis, D. J. (2007). The pressure dependence of the
zirconium-in-rutile thermometer. Journal of Metamorphic Geology , 25:703–713.Chapter 4 J.K. P ORTER 193
Triebold, S., von Eynatten, H., Luvizotto, G. L., and Zack, T. (2007). Deducing source
rock lithology from detrital rutile geochemistry: An example from the Erzgebirge,
Germany. Chemical Geology , 244:421–436.
Triebold, S., von Eynatten, H., and Zack, T. (2012). A recipe for the use of rutile in
sedimentary provenance analysis. Sedimentary Geology , 282:268–275.
Tukey, J. W. (1977). Exploratory Data Analysis . Addison-Wesley, Boston.
Velo, M. R. (2014). Low-grade Prehnite-Pumpellyite facies metamorphism in the Bam-
ble sector, SE-Norway. Master’s Thesis .
Vry, J. K. and Baker, J. A. (2006). LA-MC-ICPMS Pb-Pb dating of rutile from slowly
cooled granulites: Conﬁrmation of the high closure temperature for Pb diffusion in
rutile. Geochimica et Cosmochimica Acta , 70:1807–1820.
Watson, E. B., Wark, D. A., and Thomas, J. B. (2006). Crystallization thermometers for
zircon and rutile. Contributions to Mineralogy and Petrology , 151:413–433.
Zack, T., Kronz, A., Foley, S. F., and Rivers, T. (2002). Trace element abundances in
rutiles from eclogites and associated garnet mica schists. Chemical Geology , 184:97–
122.
Zack, T., Moraes, R., and Kronz, A. (2004a). Temperature dependence of Zr in ru-
tile: empirical calibration of a rutile thermometer. Contributions to Mineralogy and
Petrology , 148:471–488.
Zack, T., von Eynatten, H., and Kronz, A. (2004b). Rutile geochemistry and its poten-
tial use in quantitative provenance studies. Sedimentary Geology , 171:37–58.CHAPTER 5
THESIS CONCLUSIONS
Rutile chemistry can be used in exploration to identify ore mineralisation. In addition
to identifying rutile originating from an ore-related rock versus barren rock, the chem-
istry can also provide insight as to source rock composition and metamorphic grade.
Rutile is a physically and chemically robust indicator mineral that can be used for Au
exploration via sampling detrital grains and regolith, akin to well-known indicator
minerals utilised in diamond exploration.
Through PCA of the three databases, PC1 of the ore dataset, and PC3 of the com-
bined ore, igneous and metamorphic rutile datasets, discriminate between Sb-rich Au
and Nb-rich pegmatite deposits using the variance in Sb in comparison to that of Nb,
Ta and Sn. Kalgoorlie-style and Big Bell-style Au ore can be identiﬁed with high cer-
tainty when the trace element chemistry of rutile grains from six different ore-types
and barren rutile chemistries are compared using hierarchical clustering of PCA. Ru-
tile from the ore zone of pegmatites are equally distinct. Rutile from carbonatites,
VHMS and Au-Cu deposits can be distinguished from non-ore rutile, but may not
necessarily be identiﬁable from each other or from low-grade barren, felsic volcanic
rocks.196 J.K. P ORTER Section 5.0
Additionally, barren igneous and metamorphic rocks can be distinguished based
on a combination of metamorphic grade and degree of crustal input from source rock;
i.e., felsic versus maﬁc source. PC1 of the barren rock and combined datasets, and
PC3 of the ores dataset identiﬁes, in-part, metamorphic grade through variation in
Zr content. PC2 of all datasets can help identify source rock through variation in Cr
content.
More than one element should be assessed to determine whether detrital rutile is
associated with ore mineralisation. Anomalous W and/or Sb contents may not be only
indicative of Au or VHMS mineralisation, but may also represent a different style of
mineralisation or, more likely, a barren rock source.
The Random Forests method of machine learning can classify multi-variate rutile
chemistries of unknown sources into predeﬁned groups associated with speciﬁc ore
and rock types with >95% accuracy.
Sample 199418 from the Amadeus Basin has the highest potential for Au explo-
ration, with 9% of its rutile having trace element chemistries similar to Kalgoorlie-
and Big Bell-style Au ore. Basins with samples of rutile chemistry most similar to that
of Nb-pegmatites are within the Amadeus Basin (199408, 199414, 143783) and Albany-
Fraser Orogen (194874).
The chemistry of detrital rutile grains from a sedimentary basin sample can eluci-
date the type and amount of sources in a sedimentary basin, the formation tempera-
ture of each source, their provenance with regard to a pelitic or maﬁc origin, and their
proximity to and their likelihood of being associated with ore systems.
With regard Nb–Cr systematics in rutile, caution must be used with rutile from
areas that have undergone intense metasomatism. The inconsistency in Nb–Cr ratio
within rocks of the same gabbroic origin of the Bamble Sector of southern Norway,
reveals weakness in the reliability of this ratio as a provenance indicator within ter-
ranes that have been intensely metasomatised. This ratio cannot be relied upon indis-Chapter 5 J.K. P ORTER 197
criminately and careful evaluation is recommended when considering rutile of detrital
origin.
Rutile chemistry in rocks that have undergone metasomatism can provide informa-
tion on the relative timing of metasomatic events. The scapolitised rock, albitite and
precursor metagabbro contain rutile as a main accessory mineral, but the rutile has
signiﬁcantly different trace element chemistries in each. From this it can be concluded
that scapolitisation of the metagabbro progressed to an advanced stage whereby am-
phibole destabilised to create scapolite fels. Albitisation occurred after scapolitisation,
however the rutile chemistry was not signiﬁcantly altered, which provides evidence
that the rutile grains are relict within the albite. Albitisation occurred after scapolitisa-
tion at conditions that did not alter the trace element and isotopic chemistries of rutile
(≤lower greenschist facies).
Rutile cannot be used to individually discriminate the absolute timing of scapoliti-
sation and albitisation events at the end of the Sveconorwegian as all rutile ages record
cooling through the Pb closure temperature at 1079 Ma. Subsequent thermal events,
including the Permian Oslo Rift, did not occur at temperatures high enough to affect
the rutile U-Pb system, though they may have changed the albitite mineral paragene-
sis locally to include prehnite, chlorite, analcime and pumpellyite.
5.1. F UTURE WORK
The amalgamated database that was used to cluster rutile chemistries and identify
rock types and sources, although large, is deﬁcient in many ore types and rock types.
Future work that could build upon this foundation would include all missing ore and
rock types in which rutile forms. The more data used in hierarchical clustering, the
better these groups can represent speciﬁc sources.
Decoding the history of rutile based on its chemistry is complex, requires multi-198 J.K. P ORTER Section 5.1
variate trace element analysis and an understanding of how and why each element
was incorporated. This means taking into consideration the degree of fractionation of
wallrock, temperature of metamorphism, history of metamorphic events of the host
rock, and the temperature at which each trace element can be incorporated into, or dif-
fused out of, the rutile crystal. The individual groups clustered here can have many of
these factors in common, resulting in similar, complex chemistries. Knowing the gen-
eral history and source of each rutile group can help elucidate the histories of detrital
rutile from unknown sources that have similar trace element contents. Improving the
databases created herein by adding rutile from more types of rock types and ore types
will improve the classiﬁcation algorithms for both known and unknown samples, and
provide a comprehensive tool to improve exploration targeting.APPENDIX A
FIRST AUTHOR JOURNAL PUBLICATIONS
A.1. PAPER 1-RUTILE AS A PATHFINDER FOR MET -
ALS EXPLORATION
Porter, J.K., McNaughton, Neal J., Evans, Noreen J., McDonald, Bradley J.
REPRINTED WITH PERMISSION OF ELSEVIER :
199 
© 2020  This manuscript version is made available under the CC -BY-NC-ND 4.0 
license  http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by -nc-nd/4.0/  
https://doi.org/10.1016/j .oregeorev.2020.103406  
 
 
  200 J.K. P ORTER202 J.K. P ORTER
STATEMENT OF AUTHORSHIP
TITLE OF PAPER : Rutile as a pathﬁnder for metals exploration
PUBLICATION STATUS : In preparation
AUTHOR CONTRIBUTIONS
By signing the Statement of Authorship, each author certiﬁes that their stated contri-
bution to the publication is accurate and that permission is granted for the publication
to be included in the candidate’s thesis.
Name of Principal Author: J.K. Porter
Contribution to the Paper: Planned, carried out data collection and analysis. Drafted
and revised the manuscript for this publication.
Overall Percentage: 93%
Signature: Date:
Name of Co-Author: Neal J. McNaughton
Contribution to the Paper: Assisted editing and revision of the manuscript.
Overall Percentage: 5%
Signature: Date:Appendix A J.K. P ORTER 203
Name of Co-Author: Noreen J. Evans
Contribution to the Paper: Assisted with LA-ICP-MS data collection, editing and re-
vision of the manuscript.
Overall Percentage: 2%
Signature: Date:
Name of Co-Author: Bradley J. McDonald
Contribution to the Paper: Assisted with LA-ICP-MS data collection.
Overall Percentage: 1%
Signature: Date:A.2. PAPER 2-METALS EXPLORATION IN SEDIMEN -
TARY BASINS OF WESTERN AUSTRALIA :INSIGHTS
FROM DETRITAL RUTILE TRACE ELEMENT GEO -
CHEMISTRY
Porter, J.K., McNaughton, Neal J., Evans, Noreen J., McDonald, Bradley J.206 J.K. P ORTER
STATEMENT OF AUTHORSHIP
TITLE OF PAPER : Metals exploration in sedimentary basins of Western Australia: in-
sights from detrital rutile trace element geochemistry
PUBLICATION STATUS : In preparation
AUTHOR CONTRIBUTIONS
By signing the Statement of Authorship, each author certiﬁes that their stated contri-
bution to the publication is accurate and that permission is granted for the publication
to be included in the candidate’s thesis.
Name of Principal Author: J.K. Porter
Contribution to the Paper: Planned, carried out data collection and analysis. Drafted
and revised the manuscript for this publication.
Overall Percentage: 93%
Signature: Date:
Name of Co-Author: Neal J. McNaughton
Contribution to the Paper: Assisted editing and revision of the manuscript.
Overall Percentage: 5%
Signature: Date:Appendix A J.K. P ORTER 207
Name of Co-Author: Noreen J. Evans
Contribution to the Paper: Assisted with LA-ICP-MS data collection, editing and re-
vision of the manuscript.
Overall Percentage: 2%
Signature: Date:
Name of Co-Author: Bradley J. McDonald
Contribution to the Paper: Assisted with LA-ICP-MS data collection.
Overall Percentage: 1%
Signature: Date:A.3. PAPER 3-RUTILE TRACE ELEMENT AND ISO -
TOPE GEOCHEMISTRY OF SCAPOLITE AND ALBITE
METASOMATISED GABBRO , BAMBLE REGION ,SOUTH -
ERN NORWAY .
Porter, J.K., Talavera, C., Evans, N.J., McNaughton, N.J., McDonald, B., Austrheim, H.210 J.K. P ORTER
STATEMENT OF AUTHORSHIP
TITLE OF PAPER : Rutile trace element and isotope geochemistry of scapolite and albite
metasomatised gabbro, Bamble region, southern Norway.
PUBLICATION STATUS : In revision
AUTHOR CONTRIBUTIONS
By signing the Statement of Authorship, each author certiﬁes that their stated contri-
bution to the publication is accurate and that permission is granted for the publication
to be included in the candidate’s thesis.
Name of Principal Author: J.K. Porter
Contribution to the Paper: Planned, carried out data collection and analysis. Drafted
and revised the manuscript for this publication.
Overall Percentage: 85%
Signature: Date:
Name of Co-Author: Cristina Talavera
Contribution to the Paper: Assisted with SHRIMP data collection and reduction.
Overall Percentage: 2%
Signature: Date:Appendix A J.K. P ORTER 211
Name of Co-Author: Noreen J. Evans
Contribution to the Paper: Assisted with LA-ICP-MS data collection, editing and re-
vision of the manuscript.
Overall Percentage: 2%
Signature: Date:
Name of Co-Author: Neal J. McNaughton
Contribution to the Paper: Assisted in SHRIMP data interpretation, editing and revi-
sion of the manuscript.
Overall Percentage: 5%
Signature: Date:
Name of Co-Author: Bradley J. McDonald
Contribution to the Paper: Assisted with LA-ICP-MS data collection.
Overall Percentage: 1%
Signature: Date:
Name of Co-Author: H˚akon Austrheim
Contribution to the Paper: Assisted with initial concept, microscopy, editing and re-
vision of the manuscript.
Overall Percentage: 5%
Signature: Date:APPENDIX B
ADDITIONAL PUBLICATIONS
B.1. PAPER A– CO-AUTHORED -MICROSTRUCTURALLY
CONTROLLED TRACE ELEMENT (ZR, U–P B)CON -
CENTRATIONS IN METAMORPHIC RUTILE : AN EX -
AMPLE FROM THE BERGEN ARCS AMPHIBOLITES .
Jo Moore, Andreas Beinlich, J.K. Porter, Cristina Talavera, Jasper Berndt, Sandra Pia-
zolo, H ˚akon Austrheim, Andrew Putnis (2020)
Journal of Metamorphic Petrology ; 38:103-127.
https://doi.org/10.1111/jmg.12514
213Appendix B J.K. P ORTER 215
STATEMENT OF AUTHORSHIP
TITLE OF PAPER : A systematic study of the behaviour of rutile (Zr, U-Pb) in a meta-
morphic setting: An example from the Bergen Arcs amphibolites.
PUBLICATION STATUS : In review
AUTHOR CONTRIBUTIONS
By signing the Statement of Authorship, the principle author certiﬁes the contribution
made to the manuscript by Jennifer Karin Porter is accurate and that permission is
granted for the publication to be included in the candidate’s thesis.
Name of Principal Author: Jo Moore
Contribution to the Paper: Led all aspects of this research, drafted and revised the
manuscript for this publication.
Signature: Date:
Name of Co-Author: J. K. Porter
Contribution to the Paper: SHRIMP data collection and preliminary results.
Overall Percentage: 5%
Signature: Date:
offset=0mm -10mm]Appx/Apx2/JoPaper.pdf216 J.K. P ORTER
B.2. CONFERENCE ABSTRACT A-RUTILE U/P B GEO -
CHRONOLOGY AND GEOCHEMISTRY BY SHRIMP:
SOME OBSERVATIONS
McNaughton, N.J., Talavera, C., Porter, J.K., Evans, N.J., McInnes, B.I.A.
Presented at the VIII International SHRIMP Workshop, Grenada, Spain. 6–10 September,
2016.
Abstract published in the proceedings of the VIII International SHRIMP Workshop,
pages 54–56.VIII International SHRIMP Workshop, Granada, Spain, 6-10 September 2016 [7] Cordier et al. (2011) GCA 75, 5203-5218.  [8] Cordier et al. (2012) GCA 77, 515-529.  [9] McKibbin et al. (2013) GCA 110, 216-228.  [10] Ireland et al. (2014) Int. J. Mass. Spec. 359, 26-37.  [11] McKibbin et al. (2016) Meteoritical Society Meeting.  [12] Clayton (2008). Reviews in Mineralogy. 68, 5–14.  Rutile U/Pb geochronology and geochemistry by SHRIMP: some observations McNaughton, NJ1, Talavera, C1, Porter, JK12, Evans, NJ12 and McInnes, BIA1 1: John de Laeter Centre for Isotope Research, Curtin University, Australia 2: Department of Applied Geology, Curtin University, Australia Introduction Rutile generally contains less U than other minerals traditionally used for SHRIMP U/Pb geochronology and yields poorer age precision as a result. However, rutile also carries trace elements, some of which reflect their environment of formation, including during ore genesis (e.g. Clark & Williams-Jones, 2004). Rutile, along with zircon, garnet and ilmenite, is a robust mineral during sediment transport and typically accumulates in more mature sedimentary rocks. Combining these attributes, detrital rutiles in siliciclastic sediments and sedimentary rocks provide a complementary source of information to zircon about sediment provenance. Given the increasing emphasis of zircon “chemical and isotopic fingerprints” in provenance studies, we are considering the same application in rutile. Rutile standards There are few suitable rutile standards available for SHRIMP studies. The earliest SHRIMP work by Clark et al. (2000) used a multigrain rutile standard (Windmill Hill - WH) separated from a granulite facies quartzite. Zircons from the same sample gave much older ages than the rutile, reflecting provenance ages, and indicated that the rutiles were either reset detrital or were metamorphic in origin. Nonetheless, with few exceptions, the SHRIMP U/Pb and Pb-Pb ages of analyses from multiple grains of WH are consistent. Luvizotto et al. (2009) and Zack et al. (2011) assessed a number of potential rutile standards and via collaboration we have confirmed that R10 appears to be the most homogeneous in age and U-content, and has sufficient U-content for our geochronology purposes.  SHRIMP methodology The procedures for SHRIMP analysis of rutile have been previously published (Clark et al., 2000; Taylor et al., 2012). One key observation is that rutile excludes Th from its structure, allowing common Pb corrections by the 208-correction method with far greater precision than the more commonly used 204-correction method. However, rutile analysis by SHRIMP suffers from crystal orientation effects, which not only perturbs U/Pb calibrations (Taylor et al., 2012) but also makes measurements of U-contents uncertain as the count-rate on the reference peak (Ti3O3+ at mass 192) varies by >4, depending on orientation alone.  The SHRIMP community generally uses an O2- primary beam for routine U/Pb geochronology, which is thought to give more consistent data for standards and unknowns, compared to O-. All previous SHRIMP studies of rutile utilise a primary beam of O2-. Our preliminary studies of rutile analysis by SHRIMP using both a O2- and O- primary beam, on the same grains during the same analytical session, show much less variation in the 192 reference peak count-rate per nanoamp for the O- primary beam compared to O2- (Fig. 1). Further, the uncertainty in the U/Pb calibration for the O-  beam data is comparable to O2- beam data, suggesting the orientation effect observed in data collected with a O- primary beam is minimal or absent. We further note that the 208-corrected 207Pb/206Pb age for the O2- and O- data collected on WH during the same session are indistinguishable in accuracy and precision, suggesting there is no apparent advantage using the O2- primary beam, as uniformly done with zircons.  abstracts, pag. "54218 J.K. P ORTERVIII International SHRIMP Workshop, Granada, Spain, 6-10 September 2016 
% Figure 1. Ti3O3+ (at mass 192) counts per second, per nanoamp of primary beam, for data collected with an O2- and O- primary beam from the same grains of the Windmill Hill rutile standard. The grains are in random orientation.  However, as O2- primary beam-derived data is entrenched in routine SHRIMP U/Pb geochronology and trace element analyses in rutile are referenced to the mass 192 peak which varies by >4, we seek to address the problem of correcting for the rutile orientation effect from O2--derived data. To do this, it is necessary to have a rutile standard which is homogeneous in a trace element of interest. The multigrain WH standard is unlikely to be completely homogeneous in trace elements, but initial LA-ICPMS data shows only 7.5% variation (2σ; n=28 out of 28) from the reference value for U (Clark et al., 2000). There is similarly a coherent correlation between the apparent U-content and Ti3O3+ from SHRIMP data (Fig. 2) confirming that the U-content of WH grains is reasonably constant and the apparent variation (in SHRIMP data) may be due to orientation effects alone.  Trace elements in rutile Tungsten and Sn are trace elements in rutile that appear to be reliable fingerprints of mineralisation (Clark & Williams-Jones, 2004; Meinhold 2010). Hence an exploration strategy for gold is: (i) stream sediment sampling, (ii) rutile separation, and (iii) analysis for W without Sn, whereas Sn+W enrichment may reflect base metal mineralisation. As rutiles that formed during mineralisation also preserve the age of mineralisation, it is desirable to measure both age and W-Sn-contents during the same analysis. Tungsten can be measured in a rutile SHRIMP run table at both mass 200 (WO+) and 216 (WO2+), where it is normally sufficiently abundant to peak centre. However, as with U, the orientation effect from using the O2- primary beam must be corrected for. The count-rate for the most abundant Sn species at mass 252 (Sn2O+) is too low for peak-centring measurements in all but Sn-rich rutiles. Conclusions Protocols for rutile geochronology and geochemical analyses by SHRIMP may have to be reconsidered in the light of observations presented herein. 
" Figure 2: Ln-ln plot of multigrain WH standard data using a O2- primary beam in a single SHRIMP session. Plot of the apparent U-content (i.e. ln U (ppm) with calculated U-contents using SQUID with 
abstracts, pag. "55Appendix B J.K. P ORTER 219VIII International SHRIMP Workshop, Granada, Spain, 6-10 September 2016 analyses referenced to the 192 peak: Ti3O3+) vs 192 (counts/second). The grains are in random orientations.  References  Clark, DJ, Hensen, BJ, Kinny, PD. (2000) Geological constraints for a two-stage history of the Albany-Fraser Orogen, Western Australia. Precambrian Research 102, 155-183.    Clark, JR, Williams-Jones, AE. (2004) Rutile as a potential indicator mineral for metamorphosed metallic ore deposits. Rapport Final de DIVEX, Sous-project SC2, Montreal, Canada. 17 pp. Luvizotto, GL, Zack, T, Meyer, HP, Ludwig, T, Triebold, S, Kronz, A, Munker,C, Stockli, DF, Prowatke, S, Klemme, S, Javob, DE, von Eynatten, H. (2009) Rutile crystals as potential trace element and isotope mineral standards for microanalysis. Chemical Geology 261, 346-369.  Meinhold, G. (2010) Rutile and its applications in Earth Sciences. Earth-Science Reviews 102, 1-28. Taylor, R, Clark, C, Reddy, SM. (2012) The effect of grain orientation on secondary ion mass spectrometry (SIMS) analysis of rutile. Chemical Geology 300-301, 81-87.  Zack, T, Stockli, DF, Luvizotto, GL, Barth, MG, Belousova, E, Wolfe, MR, Hinton, RW. (2011) In situ U-Pb rutile dating by LA-ICP-MS: 208Pb correction and prospects for geological applications. Contributions to Mineralogy and Petrology 162, 515-530. The δ18O zircon isotope composition & U-Pb geochronology on SHRIMP IIe/MC - An example from the foreland of the Variscan orogenic belt (S Poland) Mikulski, SZ1, Krzemińska, E1 and Czupyt, Z1 1. Polish Geological Institute- National Research Institute, Warszawa, Poland  U-Pb age analyses combined with oxygen isotopic ratios on dated zircons grains becomes high effective analytical routine being increasingly used in regional geological investigations. The microanalytical study of zircon oxygen isotopic composition expresses as δ18O, allows discriminating among possible sources of magma origin in terms of possible contributions of mantle and crustal components and detecting the roles of assimilation and magma mixing and potential hydrothermal influence (Bindeman, 2008). In this study we used a narrow range of δ18O = 5.3±0.3‰, characteristic for mantle crystallized zircons (Valley, 2003), as a reference of relative mantle vs. crustal melt interactions. Every incorporation of higher δ18O material (e.g. supracrustal rocks) that is crustal contamination can strongly affect oxygen isotopes in igneous rocks resulted in modification of diagnostic values towards higher δ18O in magmatic zircon. Typical Phanerozoic I-type granitoids, which were formed by melting of igneous rocks derived from an arc processes tend to, have δ18O values below 9‰. In contrast S-type granitoids derived by melting of clay- rich sedimentary rocks have higher values of δ 18O up to 15 ‰. The U-Pb dating’s of igneous rocks associated with orogenic processes, and studies of their petrogenesis on the basis of δ18O isotopic composition measured on the exactly the same spot may provide valuable information on the magma genesis, as well as the overall evolution of a crustal blocks. We present a new set of integrated U-Pb and O isotope data of zircon samples derived from the Małopolska Block (MB) of Variscan Foreland, from the area known as one of the Baltica’s proximal terrane. Although U-Pb zircon age results achieved on SHRIMP II were recently published (Żelażniewicz et al., 2008), but U-Pb & O isotope investigation in the considering area of the MB remains unique. Along the SW margin of the (MB) in the vicinity of the Krakow–Lubliniec Fault Zone (KLFZ), silicic calc-alkaline igneous plutons intruded from c.a. 310 Ma to 290 Ma (206Pb/238U, mean age 300.3 ±3.2 Ma for n=18), with no record of inherited components. The presence of euhedral to subhedral cores in some zircon grains compared with particular patterns of the U-Pb results  has been interpreted as two stages of zircon growth at 304 ±2 Ma and then  at  294 ±3 Ma. In general the MB magmatism was coeval with post-collisional granite intrusions in the Central European Variscides (op cit.). In the considering area of the KLFZ, especially on the MB occurs porphyry Mo-Cu-W mineralization. abstracts, pag. "56220 J.K. P ORTERB.3. CONFERENCE ABSTRACT B-RUTILE GEOCHEM -
ISTRY IN ORE SYSTEMS –CONSIDERATIONS FOR
METAL EXPLORATION
Porter, J.K., Evans, N.J., McDonald, B., Talavera, C., McNaughton, N.J., Kirkland, C.L.,
Jourdan, F. and McInnes, B.I.
Presented at the Goldschmidt 2017 Conference, Paris, France, 13–18 August, 2017.
Abstract available online in the Goldschmidt 2017 Archive.Goldschmidt2017 Abstract  
 
Rutile geochemistry  in ore systems – 
considerations for  metal exploration  
J. K. PORTER1*, N. J. EVANS1, B. MCDONALD1, C. 
TALAVERA1, N. J. MCNAUGHTON1, C. L. KIRKLAND1, F. 
JOURDAN1 AND B.I.  MCINNES1 
1Curtin University, Bentley, W A, 6102, Australia 
(*jennifer.k.porter@postgrad.curtin.edu.au ,) 
 
Rutile is an important indicator mineral  for some ore 
types , retaining  trace element geochemistry and U-Pb 
isotopes related to its  formation environment. Fo rmed in 
hydrothermal environments, rutile is commonly associated 
with metal deposition and may ‘fingerprint’ ore-types 
through incorporation of a unique  set of  trace element s 
including U which allows age determination . 
Like zircon, rutile is mechanically a nd chemically robust, 
surviving sediment transport and weathe ring, potentially 
preserving ore f ormation information  in distal sediments . 
Hence, r utile may serve as a means to extend the footprint 
for metals exploration through analysis of detri tal sediment s 
and their lithified and metamorphosed equivalents , 
potentially exposing traces of mineral deposits that are 
currently undetectable at the current surface . 
In a cas e study of the utility of r utile, siliciclastic rocks  
(mainly meta -sandstones and quartzite s) from basins in  
Western Australia  have been a nalyse d and compared with 
rutiles sourced from known Au deposits. While some detrital 
rutiles can be >  1 mm in size, many rutiles found in Au 
deposits are commonly < 25 µm and may not be preserved  in 
the detrital rock record. Increased frequency of other TiO 2 
polymorphs  (anatase and brookite)  in detri tal samples  are 
distinguish ed using EBSD  (electron backscatter diffra ction) 
and likely reflect burial, diagenesis, weathering and/or metamorphism in the history of  detrital samples. In addit ion 
to trace element fingerprint ing of the formation environment, 
other internal structures can also be identified  using EBSD , 
provid ing further information on grain and/or host rock 
history . 
Rutile trace element signatures were  determined in situ 
using  LA-ICPMS, calibrated to  glasses and natural rutile 
standards.  Trace elements concentrations of W ± Sb are 
assessed as the most reliable Au  ore indicators . Combined 
with Zr -in-rutile geothermometry , U-Pb ages derived from 
LA-ICPMS a nd SHRIMP , and the geological context of the 
sample , the trace elements in rutiles provide important 
information on the prove nance, history and metal  
association s of detrital  rutile -bearing siliciclastic rocks. 
 Appendix B J.K. P ORTER 223B.4. CONFERENCE ABSTRACT C-RUTILE ISOTOPE
AND TRACE ELEMENT GEOCHEMISTRY THROUGH
ALBITITE METASOMATISM OF META -GABBRO ,
BAMBLE REGION ,SOUTHERN NORWAY
Porter, J.K., McNaughton, N.J., Evans, N.J., Talavera, C., McDonald, B., Austrheim, H.
Presented at the 2017 TIGeR Conference, Timescales of Geological Processes, Perth, Australia,
13–15 September, 2017.
Abstract published in the proceedings of the 2017 TIGeR Conference, Timescales of
Geological Processes, pp. 66–67. 66 Rutile isotope and trace element geochemistry through albitite 
metasomatism of meta -gabbro, Bamble region, southern Norway  
 
J. K. Porter1*, N. J. McNaughton1, N. J. Evans1, B. McDonald1, C. Talavera1, and H. 
Austrheim2 
1Curtin University, Bentley, WA, 6102, Australia  
2University of Oslo, P.O. Box 1048, Blindern, 0316, Norway  
 (*jennifer.k.porter@p ostgrad.curtin.edu.au ,) 
 
 
Rutile is an accessory mineral commonly formed at high -grade metamorphic conditions. The 
incorporation of different trace elements within rutile at the time of formation gives insights 
into provenance. Ratios and concentrations of  Nb and Cr typically indicate felsic vs mafic 
hostrock source (Zack et al., 2002; Zack et al., 2004a; Triebold et al., 2012) , while Zr -in-rutile 
content is used as a geothermometer (Zack et a l., 2004b; Watson et al., 2006; Tomkins et al., 
2007) . Rutile is also a useful U -Pb geochronometer and has an intermediate closure 
temperature of approximately 500 -600 °C (Cherniak, 2000; Vry and Baker, 2006) . Rutile 
potentially has unique properties to characterise the t imeframe of geological processes.  
 
The Bamble sector of southern Norway is dominated by northeast -southwest trending 
packages of Mesoproterozoic para - and orthogneisses. These rocks underwent granulite to 
amphibolite -facies metamorphic events caused by the  Sveconorwegian orogeny (1.25 – 0.9 
Ga). Several episodes of fluid infiltration and veining cross -cut these rocks, causing both 
scapolitic and albititic metasomatism. In areas where the albitite replacement occurred, the 
mineralogy is almost entirely of ne ar-endmember composition albite (Engvik et al., 2008) . 
The chemical characteristics of the source fluids during these event s are partially attributed to 
fluid mobilisation through an evaporite sequence (Engvik et al., 2011) . 
 
The ages and trace element geochemistry of rutile across a sharp boundary between a meta -
gabbro and a completely replaced albitite were studied using SHRIMP and LA -ICPMS. The 
U-Pb ages for rutile (SHRIMP) in the meta -gabbro and the albitite are statistically the same, 
at 1079 ± 4 Ma. As rutile underwent significant geochemical change during metas omatism, 
this implies that metasomatism occurred before 1079 Ma and that the age reflects cooling of 
the rutile during the later stages of the Sveconorwegian orogeny.  
 
Zr-in-rutile geothermometry (Tomkins et al., 2007)  suggests that the rutile formed in the 
meta -gabbro and the albitite at temperatures above 750 °C. Therefore, it is interpreted the 
rutile formed or recrystallised in both the meta -gabbro and albitite durin g granulite -facies 
conditions. Compatible trace elements were also incorporated under these conditions, prior to 
cooling below the rutile closure temperature for Pb diffusion.  
 
However, the rutile Cr and V contents differ, with the albitite showing an orde r of magnitude 
higher Cr and V contents over its meta -gabbro precursor. The Cr and V source is explained by 
the breakdown of ilmenite and magnetite in the meta -gabbro, which is absent in the albitite. 
Some traditional interpretations of rock provenance use  the Nb/Cr ratio (Zack et al., 2004a; 
Meinhold, 2010; Trieb old et al., 2012) , as high Cr content typically indicates a more mafic 
source. Given the observed effects of metasomatism, this method should be questioned as it 
may provide a chemical indicator of metasomatism rather than provenance source.  
 
References  
 
Cherniak, D.J., 2000, Pb diffusion in rutile: Contributions to Mineralogy and Petrology, v. 139, p. 198 –207, doi: 226 J.K. P ORTER 67 10.1016/S0009 -2541(00)00233 -3. 
Engvik, A.K., Mezger, K., Wortelkamp, S., Bast, R., Corfu, F., Korneliussen, A., Ihlen, P., Bingen, B., and 
Austrheim, H., 2011, Metasomatism of gabbro - mineral replacement and element mobilization during the 
Sveconorwegian metamorphic event: Journal of Metamorphic Geology, v. 29, p. 399 –423, doi: 
10.1111/j.1525 -1314 .2010.00922.x.  
Engvik, A.K., Putnis, A., Fitz Gerald, J.D., and Austrheim, H., 2008, Albitization of Granitic Rocks: the 
Mechanism of Replacement of Oligoclase By Albite: The Canadian Mineralogist, v. 46, p. 1401 –1415, 
doi: 10.3749/canmin.46.6.1401.  
Meinhold, G., 2010, Rutile and its applications in earth sciences: Earth -Science Reviews, v. 102, p. 1 –28, doi: 
10.1016/j.earscirev.2010.06.001.  
Tomkins, H.S., Powell, R., and Ellis, D.J., 2007, The pressure dependence of the zirconium -in-rutile 
thermomete r: Journal of Metamorphic Geology, v. 25, p. 703 –713, doi: 10.1111/j.1525 -
1314.2007.00724.x.  
Triebold, S., von Eynatten, H., and Zack, T., 2012, A recipe for the use of rutile in sedimentary provenance 
analysis: Sedimentary Geology, v. 282, p. 268 –275, doi : 10.1016/j.sedgeo.2012.09.008.  
Vry, J.K., and Baker, J.A., 2006, LA -MC-ICPMS Pb -Pb dating of rutile from slowly cooled granulites: 
Confirmation of the high closure temperature for Pb diffusion in rutile: Geochimica et Cosmochimica 
Acta, v. 70, p. 1807 –1820, doi: 10.1016/j.gca.2005.12.006.  
Watson, E.B., Wark, D. a., and Thomas, J.B., 2006, Crystallization thermometers for zircon and rutile: 
Contributions to Mineralogy and Petrology, v. 151, p. 413 –433, doi: 10.1007/s00410 -006-0068 -5. 
Zack, T., von Eynatten,  H., and Kronz, A., 2004a, Rutile geochemistry and its potential use in quantitative 
provenance studies: Sedimentary Geology, v. 171, p. 37 –58, doi: 10.1016/j.sedgeo.2004.05.009.  
Zack, T., Kronz, A., Foley, S.F., and Rivers, T., 2002, Trace element abundan ces in rutiles from eclogites and 
associated garnet mica schists: Chemical Geology, v. 184, p. 97 –122, doi: 10.1016/S0009 -2541(01)00357 -
6. 
Zack, T., Moraes, R., and Kronz, A., 2004b, Temperature dependence of Zr in rutile: empirical calibration of a 
rutile  thermometer: Contributions to Mineralogy and Petrology, v. 148, p. 471 –488, doi: 10.1007/s00410 -
004-0617 -8. 
 
  Appendix B J.K. P ORTER 227B.5. CONFERENCE ABSTRACT D-DETRITAL RUTILE
GEOCHEMISTRY IN AU EXPLORATION
Porter, J.K., McNaughton, N.J., Evans, N.J., Talavera, C., McDonald, B.
Presented at the Resources for Future Generations (RFG) Conference, Vancouver, B.C., Canada,
June 16–21, 2018.
Abstract available online on the RFG (Resources for Future Generations) 2018 web-
site. 
 
2326 
-
 
Detrital rutile geochemistry in Au exploration
 
 
Jennifer Karin Porter 
-
 
Curtin University
 
Neal McNaughton 
-
 
Curtin University
 
Noreen Evans 
-
 
Curtin University
 
Cristina Talavera 
-
 
Curtin University
 
Brad McDonald 
-
 
Curtin University
 
 
Rutile 
–
 
a polymorph of TiO
2
 
–
 
retains high field strength elements within its structure in trace 
concentrations. The concentration of each trace 
element reflects formation conditions such as 
original lithology, mineralogy, formation temperature and fluid composition. Rutile typically forms in 
metamorphic and hydrothermal environments, but when it forms in association with certain types of 
hydrother
mal ores, some aspects of the rutile trace element signature are unique to that ore 
environment. Additionally, rutile can contain sufficient U for U
-
Pb dating, so rutile associated with 
some ore deposits can be used as an age and chemical ‘fingerprinting’ 
exploration tool.
 
 
Rutile is refractory during weathering, erosion and sedimentary transport, allowing it to be 
transported long distances, preserved in the sedimentary record, and concentrated in medium
-
 
to 
coarse
-
grained clastic sediments and rocks. Thus
 
sands, sandstones and quartzites represent 
viable sampling mediums for Au exploration using detrital rutile.
 
 
This study seeks to identify Au
-
prospective basins within Western Australia by analysing rutile 
grains in metasandstones/quartzites using in situ
 
LA
-
ICPMS. The geochemical fingerprints of 
detrital rutile are compared to those of rutile from various types of known ore deposits in Western 
Australia. Gold
-
related rutile can be distinguished from rutile formed in other environments using 
their W
-
Sb
-
Sn 
characteristics. This chemical fingerprint, along with provenance, age and formation 
temperature information allow for a reconnaissance assessment of Au
-
prospectivity in the 
sedimentary basins of Western Australia.
 
230 J.K. P ORTERB.6. CONFERENCE ABSTRACT E-RUTILE GEOCHEM -
ISTRY IN GOLD EXPLORATION .
Porter, J.K., Talavera, C., McNaughton, N.J., Evans, N.J., McDonald, B., McInnes, B.
Presented as part of the D.C. Pear McPhail Memorial Symposium at the XXII Meeting of the
International Mineralogical Association, Melbourne, Australia, August 13–17, 2018.
Abstract published in the proceedings of the XXII Meeting of the International Min-
eralogical Association, pg 43.ORAL PRESENTATIONS   |  CONCURRENT SESSION PRESENTATIONSD.C. Bear McPhail Memorial Symposium – a celebration of Bear’s legacy as a scientist and mentor
Rutile geochemistry in gold exploration 
Jennifer Porter1, Cristina Talavera1, Neal McNaughton1, Noreen Evans1, Bradley McDonald1, Brent McInnes1
1John de Laeter Centre for Isotope Research, Curtin University, Bentley, Australia
Rutile	inherits	trace	element	geochemistry	that	reflects	its	natural	formation	environment.	This	allows	geochemical	distinction	between	metamorphic,	
igneous and ore-related rutile grains. Rutile is also a physically and chemically robust mineral that survives erosion and sediment transport, often concentrating	as	placer	deposits	in	streams,	rivers	and	beaches.	It	also	survives	in	the	regolith.	Importantly,	the	geochemical	“fingerprint”	of	its	formation is faithfully transported to the sedimentary depositional environment and, for the most part, survives subsequent burial, diagenesis and metamorphism until medium-high grade.
Detrital	rutile	grains	can	survive	transport	of	>	100	kms	and,	as	such,	potentially	provide	a	distal	footprint	to	metalliferous	ores	which	is	far	larger	than	
that	of	any	other	mineral;	akin	to	the	scale	of	transport	of	some	diamond	indicator	minerals.	As	such,	rutile	may	be	the	optimal	detrital	mineral	for	both	greenfields	and	brownfields	metals	exploration,	and	exploration	through	surficial	cover	and	regolith.	To	test	this	supposition,	the	geochemical	characteristics of rutile from a range of formation environments have been determined by in situ LA-ICPMS analyses, and U/Pb ages determined by SHRIMP.
Many hydrothermal gold deposits have rutile as an ore-associated mineral. Most gold deposits (so far studied) have rutile grains less than 50 microns 
in size, which limit their transport potential. However, some major deposits in medium-high metamorphic grade settings have coarser (i.e. > 100-200 microns) rutile grains. Coarser, gold-related rutile are characterised by high W and lower Sn vs Sb/W and Nb-Ta characteristics than pegmatitic rutile. Only rutile from gold ores and pegmatites consistently has W-contents greater than about 5,000 ppm.
The temperature of formation of rutile via Zr-in-rutile geothermometry and U/Pb geochronology (potentially) provides the age of rutile formation, both 
of	which	can	be	related	to	the	P-T	and	4D	framework	of	the	terrane	being	explored	to	constrain	exploration	models.	However,	rutile	U/Pb	geochronology	is	more	susceptible	to	modification	by	post-depositional	events	such	as	metamorphism,	simply	because	radiogenic	Pb	is	an	incompatible	element	in	the rutile structure compared to the more compatible elements (e.g. W, Sn, Sb, Ta, Nb) which are incorporated into rutile at the time of formation.
The attributes of rutile described above potentially provide a new or hitherto underutilised tool for gold exploration. We present an example of the 
preservation	of	gold-related	rutile	in	surficial	sediments	from	the	eastern	Yilgarn,	WA.	
IMA2018	Abstract	book
43Contents pageAppendix B J.K. P ORTER 233B.7. CONFERENCE ABSTRACT F-ASSESSING THE
EFFECT OF RUTILE CRYSTALLOGRAPHIC ORIEN -
TATION ON SIMS OXYGEN ISOTOPES
Kennedy, Allen K., Talavera, Cristina, Porter, J.K.
Presented as part of the 9thInternational SHRIMP Workshop, Gyeongju, South Korea. 10–15
September, 2018Assessing the effect of rutile crystallographic orientation on SIMS oxygen isotopes Allen K. Kennedy,1 Cristina Talavera,2,1 J. K. Porter1 1John de Laeter Center, Curtin University, Perth, WA, Australia 2School of Geosciences, University of Edinburgh, The King’s Building, James Hutton Road, Edinburgh, UK *Email address: A.Kennedy@exchange.curtin.edu.au Introduction Crystallographic orientation effects on oxygen isotope ratio and U-Pb age measurements have been studied in oxides, phosphates, sulphides and silicates (Wingate and Compston, 2000; Schmitt and Zack, 2012; McNaughton et al., 2016; Martin et al., 2014; Bonamicci et al. 2014; Isa et al. 2017; Rubatto et al 2014). We have studied the effect of crystallographic orientation on oxygen isotope ratios in rutile.  Reference Material (RM) and Techniques  We used three rutile, CA, MKR and RUTNOR, for which we have conventional 18O/16O data,, as RM while assessing four potential RM (WOD, MOZI, ASONGO and WHQ). The oxygen isotope SHRIMP technique of Ickert et al (2014) was followed. No e-gun was required as rutile is conductive. Standard EBSD techniques (Schwartz et al., 2000) were used.  Results  Figure 1 shows data collected over a 12 hr period from a single large ~500 µm chip of CA. Similar internal precision and reproducibility were obtained for individual chips of MOZI (δ18O VSMOW  = 12.09 ± 0.41 ‰ (2s), MSWD= 0.66) and WOD (δ18O VSMOW  = 1.80 ± 0.34 ‰ (2s), MSWD= 0.33) on the same mount, during the same session. 
 Figure 1. δ18O data for the CA rutile RM collected over 12hrs.  
236 J.K. P ORTERA second large chip of MOZI, run concurrently, gave significantly different results, with 25 analyses giving a weighted mean δ18O VSMOW = 12.93 ± 0.43 ‰ (2s), MSWD= 0.12. To test that this difference was due to a different crystallographic orientation, we constructed a mount containing 10-12 chips or grains of each of the MKR, MOZI, RUTNOR, WHQR and WOD rutile, with different crystallographic orientations. An example of our analytical results on this mount is shown in Fig. 2, which shows the data collected on five chips of MKR during a 20 hr analytical session. There is a 2 ‰ range in the weighted mean δ18O of the different chips of MKR. The respective 2s uncertainty for the five chips are, in order, 0.7, 0.6, 0.4, 0.4 and 0.5 ‰. Each of these chips has a different crystallographic orientation, as can be seen by their location in the Inverse Pole Figure of Figure 2. The data for the other four rutile on this mount, MOZI, RUTNOR, WHQR and WOD, all show similar complexity, with good in-chip, or in-zone, precision and reproducibility, but large variation of weighted mean δ18O VSMOW between chips and zones with different crystallographic orientation. WHQR has a similar δ18O range to MKR. In contrast, the range in δ18O of MOZI, RUTNOR and WOD is >5 ‰.  
 Figure 2. δ18O data for 5 chips of the MKR rutile RM with different crystallographic orientation. The Inverse Pole Figure (IPF) shows the orientation of the five chip surfaces relative to the C axis of rutile.  
Appendix B J.K. P ORTER 237We used Electron Back-scattered Diffraction (EBSD) to measure the crystallographic orientation of regions/zones/twins within the chips of rutile, so that the chip orientation relative to the primary beam could be related to the oxygen isotope ratio bias. We found no relationship between oxygen isotope bias and secondary ion yields, taken as the first cycle count rate on 16O, normalised to the Cs+ primary beam current. This contrasts with the results of Taylor et al (2012) and McNaughton et al (2016) who found, when measuring the U-Pb age of rutile, that +ve secondary ion yield is strongly correlated with rutile crystallographic orientation. Currently we are assessing other possible controls on the oxygen isotope bias, such as rutile surface charge, Cs interaction volume, mineral electronic structure (Carr et al., 2017), and chemical composition. Conclusions CA (δ18O = 8.03 per mil) and MKR (δ18O = 4.04 per mil), are excellent oxygen isotope RM for rutile. RUTNOR (δ18O = 6.2 per mil) may only be useful as a secondary RM, as it contains some alteration patches and a few small 10-30 µm regions with different crystallographic orientation.  WHQR cannot be used as a RM, as the data from this grain separate is scattered and shows no relationship to crystallographic orientation. WOD and MOZI will be excellent RM, when there is conventional oxygen isotope data. Individual chips of rutile that do not contain twins or multiple orientation domains, give excellent precision and internal reproducibility for oxygen isotopes, and this means that the external reproducibility in rutile oxygen isotope data is dominated by any correction for crystallographic orientation. This necessitates that the relationship between δ18O bias and crystallographic orientation is obtained for each analytical session. To do this, RM chips with different known crystallographic orientation, must be measured in each session and matched to the crystallographic orientation of the unknowns. Preliminary EBSD measurements are required to provide a foundation for choosing rutile grains to analyse. Ensuring there are chips with a wide range of crystallographic orientations relative to the incident primary ion beam allows a more accurate examination of the required relationship. In addition, it is necessary to measure a second RM to provide added confidence in any corrections. Using RM that have a wide range of δ18O values is also helpful in checking for any compositional effect on IMF.  References Bonamici C.E., Kozdon R.T. Ushikubo T., Valley J.W., 2014. Intragrain oxygen isotope zoning in titanite by SIMS: Cooling rates and fluid infiltration along the Carthage‐Colton Mylonite Zone, Adirondack Mountains, NY, USA. J. Metamorphic. Geology, 32.  71-92. 238 J.K. P ORTERCarr P.A., Norman M.D., Bennet V.C., 2017. Assessment of crystallographic orientation effects on secondary ion mass spectrometry (SIMS) analysis of cassiterite. Chemical Geology, 467, 122–133. Didier A., utlitz B., Baumgartner L.P., Bouvier A.S., Vennemann T.W., 2017. Evaluation of potential monazite reference materials for oxygen isotope analyses by SIMS and laser assisted fluorination. Chemical Geology, 450, 199–209. Ickert R.B., Hiess J., Williams I.S., Holden P., Ireland T.R., Lanc P., Schram N., Foster J.J., Clement S.W., 2014. Determining high precision, in situ, oxygen isotope ratios with a SHRIMP II: Analyses of MPI-DING silicate-glass reference materials and zircon from contrasting granites. Chemical Geology, 257, 114-128. Isa J., Kohl I.E., Liu M.-C., Wasson J.T., Young E.D., McKeegan K.D., 2017. Quantification of oxygen isotope SIMS matrix effects in olivine samples: Correlation with sputter rate. Chemical Geology, 458, 14-21. Martin L.A.J., Rubatto D., Crépisson C., Hermann J., Putlitz B., Vitale-Brovarone A., 2014. Garnet oxygen analysis by SHRIMP-SI: Matrix corrections and application to high-pressure metasomatic rocks from Alpine Corsica.  Chemical Geology, 375, 25-36.  McNaughton N.J., Talavera C., Porter J.K., Evans N.J., McInnes B.I.A., 2016. Rutile U/Pb geochronology and geochemistry by SHRIMP: some observations. VIII International SHRIMP Workshop, Granada, Spain, Abstracts volume, 54-56. Pidgeon, R.T., A.A.Nemchin, A.A., 2006. High abundance of early Archaean grains and the age distribution of detrital zircons in a sillimanite-bearing quartzite from Mt Narryer, Western Australia. Precambrian Research, 150, 201-220. Rubatto D., Putlitz B., Gauthiez-Putallaz L.,CrépissonabIan C., S.Buick S., Zhenge Y-F., 2014. Measurement of in-situ oxygen isotope ratios in monazite by SHRIMP ion microprobe: Standards, protocols and implications. Chemical Geology, 380, 84-96. Schmitt A.K., Zack T., 2012. High-sensitivity U–Pb rutile dating by secondary ion mass spectrometry (SIMS) with an O2+ primary beam. Chemical Geology, 332-333, 65-73. Schwartz A. J., Kumar M., Adams B.L., Field D.P., 2000. eds. Electron backscatter diffraction in materials science. New York: Kluwer Academic.  Taylor R., Clark C., Reddy S.M., 2012. The effect of grain orientation on secondary ion mass spectrometry (SIMS) analysis of rutile. Chemical Geology, 300-301, 81-87. Wingate M.T.D., Compston W., 2000. Crystal orientation effects during ion microprobe U–Pb analysis of baddeleyite. Chemical Geology, 168, 75-97. Preferred mode of presentation: ( ) Oral, Lightning ( ), Poster ( X) Appendix B J.K. P ORTER 239B.8. CONFERENCE ABSTRACT G-DETRITAL RUTILE :
A NEW TOOL FOR GOLD EXPLORATION UNDER
COVER
McNaughton, N., Porter, J., Evans, N., McDonald, B., Talavera, C., Doyle, M.
Presented as part of the AGCC Australian Geoscience Council Convention, Adelaide, Aus-
tralia, 14–18 October, 2018
Abstract published in the AGCC 2018 Abstract Volume, Big Issues and Ideas in
Geoscience, pg 120.119 
  
120 
Detrital rutile: a new tool for gold exploration under cover  
Mcnaughton N1, Porter J1,2, Evans N2,1, McDonald B1, Talavera C1, Doyle M3 
1John De Laeter Centre for Isotope Research, Curtin Univ., 2School of Earth and Planetary Sciences, Curtin Univ., 
3AngloGold Ashanti Ltd  
TS5 - 3.1.6 New frontiers in ore system research, Hall E2, October 17, 2018, 3:30 PM - 5:30 PM  
Biography:  
- Isotope geochemist for 40 years with an ore deposit bent;  
- PhD at Uni. Qld, postdoc at Cambridge Uni. prior to academic positions at UWA and Curtin;  
- Published on stable and radiogenic isotopes, crustal evolution, REE -phosphate geochronology, 4D 
evolution of Precambrian terranes;  
- Published on gold (>100 publications), base metals (Ni, Cu, Pb, Zn) and fractionated granites -pegmatites;  
- Currently researching a major industry -governme nt sponsored project on rutile as a very distal footprint to 
hydrothermal gold ores.  
Detrital heavy minerals such as zircon, monazite, xenotime and rutile can be transported >100 km from 
their eroding source rock because they are sufficiently robust to wi thstand physical erosion -transport. Rutile 
can form in a hydrothermal gold ore environment, and importantly, captures a trace element signature that 
can be used to uniquely fingerprint the ore environment. Further, published examples show that rutile in 
the regolith overlying a gold orebody faithfully preserve the trace element signature of the orebody. In 
combination, these features imply detrital rutile grains in regolith and surficial clastic sedimentary cover can 
(1) indicate the presence of gold prospe cts/ores below or upstream from the sampling site, and (2) 
potentially extend the distal footprint of some gold ores to >100 km.  
The utility of detrital rutile grains for gold exploration was assessed in clastic surficial sediments from a 
known Archean gold -mineralised belt in the Yilgarn Craton, but >20 kms from known mineralisation. The 
cover sequence was sampled from drillcore 4, 5 and 7 metres above the Archean basement contact. Heavy 
minerals from each sample were separated, mounted in ep oxy and polished. Mounts were scanned 
automatically using TIMA (Tescan Intergrated Mineral Analyser) to identify TiO2 grains, rutile, anatase and 
brookite were confirmed with EBSD, and a selection of rutiles was analysed in -situ for multiple trace 
elements  using laser ablation ICPMS. A gold fingerprint was found in rutile from the two samples closest to 
basement, with more abundant grains and a stronger “gold” geochemical signature in the sample 4m above 
the basement. 242 J.K. P ORTER244 J.K. P ORTERAPPENDIX C
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION -
CHAPTER 2C.1. C OMPLEXITIES RELATED TO SAMPLING
As many samples were collected from archived material in museums and university
collections, it is possible that some samples have been mis-indexed and incorrectly
labelled and therefore the database of rutile trace elements may contain inaccuracies
related to ore body or rock origin. Some museum samples, e.g., WA pegmatites, have
a limited description of sample location within the ore system, so differences in chem-
istry between samples from the same deposit may not have a readily apparent ex-
planation. Additionally, variability in rutile geochemistry within ore deposits may
be explained, in-part, by samples being taken at different locations within the miner-
alised zone of a deposit. Some archived samples were missing this information and
textural relationships to mineralisation were lost, particularly in grain mount sam-
ples. Every effort has been made to correctly identify rutile source areas, but where
anomalies in the data suggest a foreign origin, these samples were removed from the
database. Rutile does not form at, nor is it stable under all conditions that favour some
types of mineralisation and, therefore, deposits that do not contain rutile could not be
represented. Certain deposit types are under-represented or missing, such as Cu-Mo
porphyry deposits. As a result, the rutile chemistries in the ore database are biased
towards Archean Au deposit sampling.Appendix C J.K. P ORTER 247
C.2. TABLE 1-COMBINED ORES AND BARREN ROCK
RUTILE TRACE ELEMENT CHEMISTRIES (PPM)Appendix C Table 1 Page 1 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
112130 N17_40_1 1050 26800 39000 12.4 1100 55.7 1940 986 1960 4.4 4.8 1.8 1.00 93.7 2760 1.75 162 0.5
112130 N17_40_2 148 201 10500 1.7 900 27.6 1798 558 1190 2 5.5 8.6 0.11 80.2 1676 0.49 145 0.435
112130 N17_40_3 369 2900 11000 4.2 800 29.2 1706 668 2630 2.91 3.1 3.95 1.28 67.9 1762 1.15 163.1 0.225
112130 N17_40_4 3130 3400 9000 4.2 700 39.3 1636 1138 17000 5.5 4.3 8 1.88 90.8 3790 0.75 231 0.285
112130 N17_40_5 309 590 15000 7.5 1100 29.1 1824 816 1400 3.05 4.35 4.55 0.09 57.8 2152 1.40 104.1 0.215
112130 N17_40_6 168 520 16000 2.7 1200 51.7 1504 754 2900 5 5.5 3.5 0.27 130.6 1302 0.18 333 0.455
112130 N17_40_7 423 780 13000 11.8 950 28.7 1765 1634 3650 3.75 5 3.4 147 113.5 4890 2.79 193 0.95
112130 N17_40_8 155 11500 23000 4.9 1250 31 1854 830 1150 2.8 4.4 4.75 0.33 99.6 1759 1.13 188.2 0.235
112130 N17_40_9 251 344 7500 160.0 1200 39.4 1381 1475 3020 5.8 3.6 7 0.76 76.4 3500 3.09 152.3 0.225
112130 N17_40_10 116 18.5 12500 22.5 430 35.6 1063 2293 1140 2.25 3.7 2.65 0.06 77.4 2430 0.14 157 0.165
112130 N17_40_11 820 1610 4350 27.5 1300 38.7 2132 1266 4790 3.6 4.5 7 3.90 95.3 6350 2.25 219 0.14
112130 N17_40_13 1430 11200 5500 9.5 900 34.2 1581 1686 2740 2.85 4.8 4.8 0.81 141 2510 1.11 152 0.24
112130 N17_40_14 70 31.5 12500 9.5 950 38.9 1304 1466 980 2.6 3.55 3 0.26 78.8 746 0.54 219 0.435
112130 N17_40_15 142 27 12000 6.5 950 34.2 1259 1161 704 2.2 2.1 5.5 0.02 71 816 0.05 177 0.18
112130 N17_40_16 133 505 13500 12.0 1200 31.1 1726 636 1230 5.5 2.4 2.05 5.10 78.5 2263 1.62 108.4 0.46
112130 N17_40_18 555 6360 14000 6.5 6000 38.2 1965 860 1710 15.1 25 30 13.10 181 1537 0.05 224 0.55
112130 N17_40_19 380 3100 9000 5.5 1050 37.7 1810 985 2690 3.95 2.1 4.65 5.40 61.3 3280 0.11 117 0.55
112130 N17_40_20 60 20 6500 4.0 750 43.2 1525 2319 1180 3.25 3.7 5.3 0.27 95 1830 1.40 128.1 0.05
112130 N17_40_21 55 30.5 11500 3.0 650 34.5 1161 2275 670 1.35 1.35 3.2 0.27 69.4 1217 0.70 180.6 0.22
112130 N17_40_22 119 19.5 8000 2.3 480 64 1848 2320 1470 2.7 2.9 8.6 9.40 107.4 2800 0.39 172 0.39
112130 N17_40_23 114 38 13000 5.3 850 38.2 1398 2345 818 2.4 1.8 1.75 0.12 67.7 1979 0.64 115.7 0.04
112130 N17_40_24 120 39.5 9500 1.9 1050 49.8 1607 5470 1390 1.3 3.05 1.5 0.13 138.7 2130 0.52 181 0.215
112130 N17_40_25 206 830 20000 6.9 650 29 1125 4970 1120 2.65 3.15 3.9 6.00 73.4 2250 0.95 120.3 0.2
112130 N17_40_26 124 55 7000 2.3 750 35.3 1246 3600 800 2.8 3.65 5.4 0.34 99.8 977 0.60 192 0.225
112130 N17_40_27 156 46.5 9000 2.7 440 35.7 1302 3041 580 5.5 3.8 2.7 0.00 84.4 846 0.30 193 0.44
112130 N17_40_28 122 43 8500 2.3 1600 37.6 1644 2458 610 4.3 2.55 11 0.03 72.7 959 0.22 176 0.23
112130 N17_40_29 126 32 11000 2.6 1200 32.8 1664 2830 250 2.75 2.5 4 0.09 70.2 830 0.45 170.5 0.05
112130 N17_40_30 108 47 11500 1.7 750 59.7 2630 3020 1480 5.5 2.1 10 0.14 169.7 2610 0.15 314 0.06
112130 N17_40_31 166 32 7000 2.3 750 186 1745 5460 275 2.9 1.95 2.8 62.40 128.6 650 0.81 304 0.86
112130 N17_40_33 212 430 6000 2.7 950 28.9 1719 645 1550 3.8 7 4.3 1.03 75.9 2090 1.10 189 0.3
112130 N17_40_36 122 32 12500 3.9 750 24.3 1739 916 1150 5.5 3.4 3.1 0.27 61.8 1970 0.05 99.5 0.43
112130 N17_40_37 3100 890 83000 9.5 2950 41 1595 1102 700 2.75 13 8 0.28 83.4 1662 0.18 300 0.9
112130 N17_40_40 673 6100 10500 2.7 1550 36 2500 1174 3770 2 4.15 5 1.90 95 5870 1.29 231 0.485
112130 N17_40_42 115 239 7000 3.7 1300 32.9 1450 1073 1440 7.5 1.45 4.9 0.15 71.9 2330 0.80 211.4 0.14
112130 N17_40_43 248 700 10000 2.0 1550 30.9 1539 1358 2990 13 10.9 13.1 29.00 119 4560 1.11 231 0.485
112130 N17_40_45 370 14600 53000 5.0 340 42.5 1680 953 3930 3.75 3 8 0.88 91.1 2780 1.53 162.6 0.55
112130 N17_40_46 230 940 10000 3.7 1800 37.7 1386 1273 1730 50 7 14.5 0.75 97.6 2550 1.80 224 1.05
112130 N17_40_47 135 96 9000 1.7 800 42.4 1529 1362 1590 3.5 4.7 3.05 0.28 93.4 2260 1.70 232 0.6
102937 N17_20_3 140 110 20000 5.4 3650 9.5 1348 7320 340 5.1 9 9 0.03 45.5 39.8 1.03 19.2 3550
102937 N17_20_4 4600 95 25500 5.0 2300 18 1480 8950 5200 12 6 24 2.80 33.1 210 3.32 18.3 4620
102937 N17_20_5 155 930 97000 10.0 3200 8.5 938 9910 800 10 18 11 2.90 35.6 232.9 1.81 14.5 3540
102937 N17_20_7 5710 370 31500 7.0 1900 10.5 1173 9950 5400 43 11.5 64 3.73 38.6 267 2.48 18 4010
102937 N17_20_8 290 80 10000 4.3 2100 14.5 1307 9310 410 3.9 12 15.5 0.73 35.7 69.3 1.46 22.1 4110
102937 N17_20_11 6800 1850 24000 1.1 2250 17 1210 4100 6900 7.5 11 5.5 1.02 7.8 120 0.55 5.5 370
102937 N17_20_12 336 3900 35000 2.8 3250 38.6 1523 3150 1050 10.5 15 11 1.68 7.62 118 1.59 8.3 371248 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 2 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
112130 N17_40_1
112130 N17_40_2
112130 N17_40_3
112130 N17_40_4
112130 N17_40_5
112130 N17_40_6
112130 N17_40_7
112130 N17_40_8
112130 N17_40_9
112130 N17_40_10
112130 N17_40_11
112130 N17_40_13
112130 N17_40_14
112130 N17_40_15
112130 N17_40_16
112130 N17_40_18
112130 N17_40_19
112130 N17_40_20
112130 N17_40_21
112130 N17_40_22
112130 N17_40_23
112130 N17_40_24
112130 N17_40_25
112130 N17_40_26
112130 N17_40_27
112130 N17_40_28
112130 N17_40_29
112130 N17_40_30
112130 N17_40_31
112130 N17_40_33
112130 N17_40_36
112130 N17_40_37
112130 N17_40_40
112130 N17_40_42
112130 N17_40_43
112130 N17_40_45
112130 N17_40_46
112130 N17_40_47
102937 N17_20_3
102937 N17_20_4
102937 N17_20_5
102937 N17_20_7
102937 N17_20_8
102937 N17_20_11
102937 N17_20_12Hf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
4.17 148.4 1780 38.5 2.49 0.6 1.05 0.01 0.81 3.3 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
4.07 99.4 1211 13 2.98 0.465 0.29 0.01 0.34 3.9 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
3.88 112.3 1068 17.5 2.39 0.435 1.04 0.00 0.52 3.7 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
4.31 142.4 2080 22.5 7.6 4.4 3.15 0.03 2.45 7.2 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
3.07 167.7 1360 0.9 1.74 0.49 1.05 0.00 0.18 2.5 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
5.6 24.7 5770 29 2.48 0.95 0.325 0.01 0.35 4.0 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
6 192.3 992 45.5 7.5 5.42 3.73 0.07 2.31 6.1 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
4.75 161.1 2420 30.5 2.08 1.5 0.395 0.01 0.82 5.5 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
4.42 132.8 1740 37 112 16.1 44.1 0.02 12.10 7.0 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
4.29 88.4 687 15.5 1.53 0.405 0.2 0.01 0.07 2.8 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
4.62 199 1342 95 199 84 111 0.02 1.79 11.0 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
7 126.1 1212 21 2.17 0.85 0.9 0.01 1.39 4.3 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
3.73 42.5 106.6 30.5 1.92 0.35 0.425 0.00 0.09 3.3 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
3.5 47.9 158.9 28.5 2.09 0.43 0.82 0.02 0.06 2.9 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
4.17 210 1179 70 3.17 1.4 1.38 0.02 2.26 8.7 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
8 50.7 2150 20 11.2 7.6 6.1 0.01 2.55 6.5 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
3.1 539 3150 20.5 1.28 0.7 0.44 0.00 0.53 2.3 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
4.86 177 2310 23 2.24 0.95 0.22 0.01 0.26 3.5 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
3.55 75.1 160.4 38 0.95 0.55 0.55 0.02 0.11 3.1 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
7 687 3840 25.5 3.41 0.6 1.06 0.01 5.40 4.3 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
3.07 100.7 1066 49 0.9 0.35 0.335 0.01 0.09 3.7 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
6.4 258 8430 37.5 2.17 1.15 0.405 0.00 0.03 3.6 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
4.3 190 2570 19 5.1 1.65 1.32 0.03 1.05 4.2 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
3.44 61.4 2310 105 3.81 1.15 0.405 0.01 0.38 5.7 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
3.67 71.7 115.9 17.5 1.12 0.5 0.34 0.01 0.06 2.8 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
3.85 83.4 133.5 42 6.4 6 2.5 0.01 0.12 2.9 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
3.24 78.5 94.3 85 1.61 1.1 0.38 0.01 0.04 2.5 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
7.4 266 5580 21.5 0.65 0.9 0.3 0.01 0.09 2.0 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
10.1 63.1 110 44.5 61.9 51 51.3 0.01 52.40 26.6 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
3.25 139 930 75 1.2 0.75 0.6 0.02 0.24 2.6 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
3.68 178 1586 17.97 0.85 1 0.405 0.01 0.07 2.9 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
2.4 127.6 1820 65 14.9 13.6 9.8 0.04 0.14 4.0 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
5.74 499 4120 95 3.53 0.85 2.04 0.03 1.86 5.4 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
3.16 140 670 105 2.33 1.15 0.5 0.02 0.17 3.0 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
6.1 350 1576 100 13.4 6.6 8.4 0.01 3.36 10.0 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
4.5 207 2940 55 8 1.89 4.62 0.00 0.74 4.7 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
5.56 169 960 160 8.6 6.6 6.7 0.01 0.61 5.0 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
4.68 181 2660 41.5 3.49 0.75 0.89 0.01 0.24 5.4 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
2.6 0.97 824 485 12.8 6.6 4.8 0.27 1.01 3.3 2 2 Au Harbour Lights
1.35 6.2 1320 750 34.3 16.7 11.3 0.30 5.13 11.2 2 2 Au Harbour Lights
2 5.7 2340 550 49.7 26.4 24.2 0.31 7.80 10.0 2 2 Au Harbour Lights
1.96 9.3 2170 260 70 51.2 40.8 0.60 6.10 13.6 2 2 Au Harbour Lights
1.72 0.76 1980 215 18.4 11.9 10.2 0.20 0.78 5.9 2 2 Au Harbour Lights
0.34 11.4 1320 285 7.7 9.1 6.5 0.17 1.15 0.9 2 2 Au Harbour Lights
0.75 6.81 2380 125 14.1 11.2 10.2 0.65 2.23 1.9 2 2 Au Harbour LightsAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 249Appendix C Table 1 Page 3 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
102937 N17_20_13 3970 66000 87000 2.0 1600 30 897 12500 3800 24 7.5 8 2.90 16.5 219 1.10 11.9 602
102937 N17_20_15 5100 65 8000 8.9 1300 13.5 1339 11440 4900 20.2 15 12.5 3.14 49.6 136.2 2.12 22.5 3550
102937 N17_20_16 345 960 20500 2.0 2350 76 2014 1940 390 6.5 11 7.5 0.34 1.71 126 1.16 11.8 80
102937 N17_20_17 490 740 19000 2.0 1600 138 1516 1570 900 8 9 10.5 1.04 4.9 128 1.35 11.1 91
102937 N17_20_18 2300 33000 54000 5.0 1900 26 900 9200 3000 15 5.5 14.3 1.18 28 222 0.48 15.9 1480
102937 N17_20_19 410 5400 33500 2.7 3200 18.4 797 5800 1250 8 21.5 7 1.30 25.9 250 3.55 6.8 1104
102937 N17_20_20 130 60 79000 3.2 3150 7.5 1395 5790 800 22.7 7.5 11 50.00 35.9 286 6.41 20.5 1944
102937 N17_20_22 840 560 8500 4.6 2800 15.4 1596 8280 650 6 5.5 4.4 1.72 45.4 267 2.85 19.4 3750
102937 N17_20_23 85 80 24000 1.9 3050 13.5 1796 4590 1050 9 9 14 0.71 11.4 138 2.05 9.9 1040
102937 N17_20_24 231 510 10000 4.0 1500 14.5 1820 5580 500 4.25 6.5 3.7 2.66 24.3 135.5 3.55 8.4 1860
102937 N17_20_26 940 11200 27000 8.1 3050 37.3 1895 8200 1450 17.6 14.5 9.5 11.10 29.5 274 0.46 37.7 2140
102937 N17_20_27 2400 55 16500 13.9 1350 28.9 1425 8770 2200 4.65 6 5.5 0.44 28.9 139 1.02 18.1 3230
102937 N17_20_28 105 45.5 14000 3.4 4000 13 1416 9240 750 6.5 11 8.5 0.85 38 85.2 1.65 23.3 3690
102937 N17_20_29 75 45 18500 3.8 1800 12 1523 8450 1100 6 9 12.5 0.88 47.9 22.4 4.10 37.8 4960
102937 N17_20_30 95 45.5 21500 6.9 2150 8.5 1578 7640 1000 7.5 6.5 17 0.70 42.2 31.3 1.70 24.7 4200
102937 N17_20_31 75 120 18000 2.1 2000 4.75 1386 7980 850 0.1 7.5 13 0.65 42.4 15.5 3.15 27.9 3970
102937 N17_20_32 8200 15900 22500 4.0 1450 9.5 1588 7930 16000 31 14.5 4.75 0.12 39.7 54.5 1.12 18.9 2900
102937 N17_20_33 2060 65 16500 1.5 3550 8.5 1466 9220 2100 8.5 7.5 8 0.60 46.3 146 0.50 6.8 1770
102937 N17_20_35 145 220 20500 2.4 2050 10.5 1538 8290 435 6.5 9 7 64.00 32 286 10.50 16.9 3990
102937 N17_20_37 125 90 34000 1.1 2300 53 1471 1880 435 7 7.5 7 0.90 43.4 216.3 1.80 4.5 814
102937 N17_20_38 286 1990 30000 4.9 2600 35.1 912 4860 550 13.5 7 7 2.31 35.3 299 2.84 9.4 766
102937 N17_20_39 880 780 24500 2.1 1050 23.5 1929 2250 1630 13.5 8 7.9 4.10 28.4 334 0.95 9 884
102937 N17_20_42 2140 41000 37000 0.4 2800 66 2090 4380 3400 10.5 13 11 1.30 8.58 125.3 0.58 20.5 285
99814 N17_21_1 1480 328 112000 5.3 1950 63 2502 28 4500 5 8.5 8.5 1.67 489 1219 0.98 10.1 10.6
99814 N17_21_2 225 284 13500 6.0 2800 47 1466 32.5 1650 3.9 11 17.5 0.20 526 1150 0.55 10.6 10.4
99814 N17_21_6 1480 2900 25500 0.8 2300 80 2523 55 10900 9.5 6.5 6.5 4.10 790 667 0.90 14.4 9.1
99814 N17_21_7 145 105 48000 3.8 3800 167 2627 40.5 850 10.5 16.5 11.14 21.10 1290 610 1.92 13.7 12.4
99814 N17_21_8 254 134 14000 2.0 900 56 3120 23.5 840 4.1 3.9 2.95 4.60 451 1460 0.13 12.7 13.3
99814 N17_21_11 138 123 32500 5.8 2550 34.5 1108 50 3080 17.5 11 3.05 0.65 275 1922 0.83 6.3 7.7
99814 N17_21_12 277 440 23500 2.3 1850 24.4 1591 55 2980 3.2 14 4.15 1.82 130.3 1807 1.09 7.6 8.4
99814 N17_21_13 146 38 9500 5.9 1100 42.4 1903 21 1580 5.5 4.35 5.5 1.65 534 2030 1.35 8.8 9.2
99814 N17_21_14 236 50 34000 0.3 1850 83 2530 18.5 455 5.5 4.2 4.1 4.50 540 421 0.85 11.1 13.6
99814 N17_21_15 145 105 20500 1.1 1450 86 2850 30.5 500 4.2 14 7 0.70 604 507 1.70 18.2 15.3
99814 N17_21_16 40 41.5 13500 3.4 1250 87 1970 23 1040 3.55 4.3 3.45 0.11 90 375 0.13 10.6 5.1
99814 N17_21_18 250 580 272000 4.2 2200 110 3110 100 1910 9 6.5 8.5 15.70 330 439 0.85 11.9 22.7
99814 N17_21_19 85 124 16000 3.3 1150 102 3250 26 385 2.85 3.9 3.95 7.10 1010 360 0.85 12.6 10.3
99814 N17_21_20 380 470 8500 5.8 1500 82 3830 19 3230 5.5 4.35 4.6 2.53 494 646 0.95 24 17.3
99814 N17_21_21 510 11300 129000 2.8 2200 140 3350 36 465 7 6 6.5 17.90 495 445 0.95 17.7 20.8
99814 N17_21_22 251 95 13000 1.5 2950 51.6 2850 30 950 11.5 4.1 15 0.07 173 415 0.58 7.4 9.2
99814 N17_21_23 268 95 92000 5.1 3650 53 3210 65 1300 3.85 14 10.5 3.50 214 498 0.69 15.1 17.9
99814 N17_21_24 190 460 500000 4.6 8000 77 3089 120 1850 23 11 8.5 10.30 270 543 1.09 11 20.4
99814 N17_21_25 4600 172 14000 0.1 9800 65 3620 26.5 82000 15 12 8 4.30 200 255 3.60 14.2 15.4
124128 N17-36.A.1 - 1 640 910 28000 22.6 127000 653 503 112 6600 7.5 8 6 470.00 2700 564 0.55 14.6 3.9
124128 N17-36.D.1 - 1 125 80 41500 4.3 2150 237 984 30.5 2370 11 9 8 17.70 179 521 1.75 4.9 4.5
124128 N17-36.D.1 - 2 110 49.5 11000 0.5 11200 158 1371 32 2460 7 11 3.85 32.90 208 551 0.70 3.8 7.3250 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 4 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
102937 N17_20_13
102937 N17_20_15
102937 N17_20_16
102937 N17_20_17
102937 N17_20_18
102937 N17_20_19
102937 N17_20_20
102937 N17_20_22
102937 N17_20_23
102937 N17_20_24
102937 N17_20_26
102937 N17_20_27
102937 N17_20_28
102937 N17_20_29
102937 N17_20_30
102937 N17_20_31
102937 N17_20_32
102937 N17_20_33
102937 N17_20_35
102937 N17_20_37
102937 N17_20_38
102937 N17_20_39
102937 N17_20_42
99814 N17_21_1
99814 N17_21_2
99814 N17_21_6
99814 N17_21_7
99814 N17_21_8
99814 N17_21_11
99814 N17_21_12
99814 N17_21_13
99814 N17_21_14
99814 N17_21_15
99814 N17_21_16
99814 N17_21_18
99814 N17_21_19
99814 N17_21_20
99814 N17_21_21
99814 N17_21_22
99814 N17_21_23
99814 N17_21_24
99814 N17_21_25
124128 N17-36.A.1 - 1
124128 N17-36.D.1 - 1
124128 N17-36.D.1 - 2Hf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
0.21 13.1 1420 160 10.8 9.7 8.5 0.22 2.24 2.9 2 2 Au Harbour Lights
1.35 2.6 3910 800 44.4 34.2 27.3 0.90 1.53 6.3 2 2 Au Harbour Lights
0.7 7.98 618 115 9.7 12 11.4 0.26 0.19 0.6 2 2 Au Harbour Lights
0.64 4.46 734 145 13.3 15.9 13.2 0.34 0.57 0.2 2 2 Au Harbour Lights
0.385 15.3 2080 170 10.4 8.7 6.9 0.21 1.26 1.4 2 2 Au Harbour Lights
0.46 10 1580 100 17.6 9 5.81 0.55 2.43 4.7 2 2 Au Harbour Lights
1.96 17.2 980 47.5 38.9 21.6 22.8 1.15 18.10 11.3 2 2 Au Harbour Lights
2.6 26.2 1914 100 9.4 3.65 1 0.26 0.36 3.7 2 2 Au Harbour Lights
0.71 8.46 1220 39 5.11 2.55 1.2 0.50 0.47 1.7 2 2 Au Harbour Lights
0.76 7.3 1850 41.5 19.9 16.6 12.5 0.03 2.43 4.5 2 2 Au Harbour Lights
1.35 15.4 2700 80 20.8 13 11.9 0.60 3.14 4.0 2 2 Au Harbour Lights
2.2 6.7 2250 50 6.8 0.95 0.83 0.11 0.08 2.1 2 2 Au Harbour Lights
2.4 1.78 1590 70 5.9 1.55 1.15 0.20 0.17 2.6 2 2 Au Harbour Lights
1.49 0.64 1356 70 12.1 1.55 0.85 0.07 0.17 5.8 2 2 Au Harbour Lights
1.56 0.55 910 42.5 7.9 0.9 1 0.07 0.07 3.6 2 2 Au Harbour Lights
1.46 0.49 374 60 5.82 2.58 0.55 0.04 0.03 2.8 2 2 Au Harbour Lights
3 2.06 750 105 19.5 14.3 14.9 0.60 0.82 2.4 2 2 Au Harbour Lights
2.6 8.12 1386 12 4 1.75 1.2 0.09 0.21 2.3 2 2 Au Harbour Lights
1.53 12.9 1326 110 72.3 43.4 39.2 0.50 18.80 17.2 2 2 Au Harbour Lights
1.74 8.92 357 100 11.3 14 11.6 0.17 0.83 1.2 2 2 Au Harbour Lights
1.45 19.3 600 32.5 11.8 8.8 10.5 0.55 1.07 1.2 2 2 Au Harbour Lights
1.45 8.8 1067 65 14.4 13.4 11.9 0.19 0.50 1.4 2 2 Au Harbour Lights
0.99 1.94 2180 55 15.9 17.3 14.3 0.01 1.23 1.8 2 2 Au Harbour Lights
43.2 80.7 47.1 28.5 2.7 3.5 4.31 0.12 0.12 0.0 3 3 Au Boorara
38.8 57.3 36.4 43 4.1 4.8 4.1 0.28 0.14 0.1 3 3 Au Boorara
54 21.3 3.7 43 1.86 2.4 0.8 0.55 0.19 0.3 3 3 Au Boorara
55 33.5 44.2 26.5 3.8 3.4 1.8 0.91 0.34 0.3 3 3 Au Boorara
38.9 62.2 79 22.5 2.7 2.8 2.1 0.13 0.10 0.0 3 3 Au Boorara
13.7 79.2 338 23 1.15 1.7 0.7 0.18 0.08 0.1 3 3 Au Boorara
8.3 82.2 1.26 39.5 1.35 1.9 2.18 0.22 0.35 0.2 3 3 Au Boorara
19.7 78.5 240 23 0.55 0.6 2.15 0.27 0.08 0.1 3 3 Au Boorara
19.3 9.6 34 21 0.75 2.26 1.47 0.22 0.05 0.0 3 3 Au Boorara
28.1 12 1190 17.5 1.8 0.7 0.65 0.06 0.10 0.3 3 3 Au Boorara
5.4 10.5 130 20.5 0.6 0.65 0.335 0.08 0.06 0.0 3 3 Au Boorara
16 11.4 286 31.5 8.5 4.7 4.5 0.35 0.39 0.3 3 3 Au Boorara
35.8 9.26 67 21.5 0.65 2.6 3.14 0.17 0.06 0.0 3 3 Au Boorara
31.2 22.3 1910 15 1.57 2.1 1.39 0.19 0.05 0.1 3 3 Au Boorara
25.7 24.7 196 19.5 5.8 4.6 4.5 0.24 0.25 0.1 3 3 Au Boorara
10.1 10.9 11 37 1.7 2.69 0.9 0.50 0.09 0.1 3 3 Au Boorara
11.4 12.9 904 36 2.3 3 4.19 0.30 0.14 0.0 3 3 Au Boorara
23.7 28.7 49 70 4.9 3.25 2.1 0.31 0.21 0.5 3 3 Au Boorara
10.4 14.8 990 50 1.19 3.3 3.4 0.20 0.07 0.1 2 4 Au Boorara
70.4 14.1 2810 27.5 14.3 9.6 13 0.09 73.00 15.0 4 3 carbonatite Speewah
19.9 15.7 19.7 16 24.1 28.2 25.4 0.31 0.17 0.3 3 3 carbonatite Speewah
27.1 19.8 26.7 37 57.9 55 48 0.80 0.39 0.6 3 3 carbonatite SpeewahAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 251Appendix C Table 1 Page 5 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
124128 N17-36.D.1 - 3 150 85 32500 4.0 2300 234 1494 75 2710 14.82 8.5 17.5 37.20 1310 589 1.90 3.1 10.7
124128 N17-36.D.1 - 4 260 60 33500 1.4 45400 75 1154 44 2420 3.7 15.5 12 10.20 1290 360 1.50 1.6 2.8
124128 N17-36.E.1 - 1 130 110 29000 5.0 3400 848 494 36 3680 7 2.45 10 4.90 2382 374 1.70 12.4 5.8
124128 N17-36.E.2 - 1 540 12180 49000 11.8 11000 347 708 50 4550 8.5 9.5 10 107.00 1478 456 2.94 11.4 24.1
124128 N17-36.F.1 - 1 105 400 23500 0.3 18000 946 1531 28 6800 7.5 7 4.3 261.00 2033 428 1.75 27.9 61.7
124128 N17-36.G.1 - 2 530 1660 30500 21.2 4550 13.2 545 198 6360 4.6 8.5 4.2 210.00 42.3 2003 0.12 37.4 80
124128 N17-36.H.1 - 2 193 510 19000 1.9 1350 1064 1024 74 9800 3.55 5 7.5 140.00 655 711 0.42 38.6 46.7
51667 N17_37_3 2560 5200 23500 1.5 2600 74 2250 40 84000 11 29.3 90 8.30 181.2 126.3 0.41 29 127.6
51667 N17_37_4 3970 2020 55000 12.4 9000 50 2480 135 32900 42 29.5 63 7.30 173 144 1.00 51 201
51667 N17_37_5 330 65 15500 8.8 1800 80 3250 30 11500 3.55 8 12.4 18.40 1130 197.1 2.80 69.3 117.3
51667 N17_37_7 19000 1240 115000 20.8 31600 82 3370 200 48700 20.5 32 58 12.00 699 233 4.30 119 229
51667 N17_37_8 115 495 171000 17.2 2600 111 2982 55 4200 18.5 15 14.5 35.30 1080 225 2.35 74 136
51667 N17_37_9 216 65 22500 14.3 3250 50 2824 45.5 7300 10 14.5 8 4.00 493 242 1.00 46.4 115
51667 N17_37_10 175 11500 14000 3.6 4100 59 3520 26.5 4070 8 6 19 13.70 770 212.8 0.66 56 194
51667 N17_37_11 850 1390 19000 8.0 1600 47 3640 72 30800 3.65 5.5 15 6.30 602 280 0.85 49.4 117
51667 N17_37_12 85 194 18500 2.9 1600 32 3690 29 13800 5.5 5.5 9.5 3.70 130.2 127 0.50 72 129
51667 N17_37_16 165 80 23500 15.6 2650 60 3710 55 10800 13.5 8.5 15.5 39.00 755 274 3.60 39.7 114
51667 N17_37_18 640 24400 110000 88.0 4400 77 3330 31.5 7040 7 4.9 7.5 56.00 527 213 1.20 43.7 149
51667 N17_37_19 202 75 13000 27.5 2300 48 3393 75 1950 7.5 11 13.5 3.80 372 153.5 0.07 44.9 129.7
51667 N17_37_20 241 1080 24500 13.0 2800 59.3 3370 42.5 3480 7 10 1.2 5.90 388 158.3 1.60 40.6 136
51667 N17_37_21 2200 115 35500 15.0 4050 53 2877 75 22900 4.5 8 37 7.20 289 229 2.40 71.2 109
51667 N17_37_22 1440 190 24500 16.5 6100 68 3100 75 11600 7 8.5 16 4.90 440 263 1.70 65.6 117
51667 N17_37_24 80 250 34500 10.5 4050 66 3180 34 10700 14.5 14.5 4.55 2.03 729 263 1.60 66.3 63.8
51667 N17_37_25 145 65 17500 6.5 2550 37 2785 50 18700 7 6 21.7 1.72 120.2 125.1 0.50 88.6 71.1
109710 N17_38_2 100 406 20000 7.5 1850 6 499 60 1470 14 13.5 17 1.66 2410 1225 4.08 1.19 66.1
109710 N17_38_3 80 590 34000 3.1 1900 16 586 42.5 1660 6.5 8 6.5 5.20 113.5 1824 7.30 18.7 136
109710 N17_38_4 100 644 22000 6.5 2300 13 1630 47.5 800 16.5 14 4.45 4.40 431 2849 4.60 1.55 137
109710 N17_38_5 100 750 25000 4.5 2750 14 5440 22.5 435 7 7 8.5 0.80 615 1760 0.50 15.3 164
109710 N17_38_6 105 760 30000 3.5 2450 13.5 5400 50 700 7 13.5 8.5 1.79 166.3 1518 0.80 47.9 357
109710 N17_38_8 105 880 26000 3.3 2650 5.5 307 42 2470 16 10 10.5 0.75 211 1755 3.20 0.78 84
109710 N17_38_9 242 712 12500 3.3 2450 9 213 43 1250 12.5 8.5 7.5 0.65 210 1680 0.87 0.39 31.7
109710 N17_38_10 85 570 21500 2.1 3650 10.5 1284 55 1410 7 6 8.5 4.10 555 2060 4.30 1.45 110
109710 N17_38_11 75 446 12500 1.6 1500 6 504 29 2630 3.3 6 3.45 1.20 210 2240 8.50 0.55 51.8
109710 N17_38_12 95 600 21000 2.0 1400 9 1148 192 350 6.5 6 15.5 28.00 286 666 3.20 25.4 265
109710 N17_38_13 90 1045 13500 2.0 2850 15.5 1490 16.5 2230 6.5 9 5 5.50 419 2750 8.40 5.7 98
109710 N17_38_14 65 659 10500 1.9 1250 8 433 27 2680 6 6 11 2.42 414 3700 1.35 0.65 223
109710 N17_38_15 131 558 16500 2.4 1200 11 633 23 750 10 12 9 4.00 710 1186 5.20 4.6 102.3
109710 N17_38_16 120 511 18000 2.8 3100 10.5 537 48.5 2260 15 11 1.4 1.17 682 2217 0.30 0.63 108
109710 N17_38_18 170 530 7000 2.3 2350 7 3070 70 750 7 14 9 10.40 265 963 3.25 8.7 371
109710 N17_38_19 127 435 14500 1.8 1300 7 512 30 470 3.9 6 7 11.40 138 707 0.65 4.2 134
109710 N17_38_20 770 920 11500 2.8 2900 12 1265 33.5 2600 7.5 8.5 11 1.90 1085 930 3.95 12.3 50.6
120951 N17_39_1 1170 19700 44000 1.8 2050 13.5 354 50 10900 9 9 11 17.10 13.2 497 0.82 22 112
120951 N17_39_2 150 105 16000 2.2 2900 12 351 55 20100 7.5 9 20 17.50 13.6 480 0.94 25.7 146
120951 N17_39_3 5300 92000 150000 3.6 3400 18.5 456 65 36000 6.5 15.5 59 19.80 15.7 535 0.67 14.6 81
120951 N17_39_4 910 7400 13500 2.6 3700 16 368 32.5 23900 3.95 7.5 6 20.30 15.5 667 6.00 25.9 111.2252 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 6 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
124128 N17-36.D.1 - 3
124128 N17-36.D.1 - 4
124128 N17-36.E.1 - 1
124128 N17-36.E.2 - 1
124128 N17-36.F.1 - 1
124128 N17-36.G.1 - 2
124128 N17-36.H.1 - 2
51667 N17_37_3
51667 N17_37_4
51667 N17_37_5
51667 N17_37_7
51667 N17_37_8
51667 N17_37_9
51667 N17_37_10
51667 N17_37_11
51667 N17_37_12
51667 N17_37_16
51667 N17_37_18
51667 N17_37_19
51667 N17_37_20
51667 N17_37_21
51667 N17_37_22
51667 N17_37_24
51667 N17_37_25
109710 N17_38_2
109710 N17_38_3
109710 N17_38_4
109710 N17_38_5
109710 N17_38_6
109710 N17_38_8
109710 N17_38_9
109710 N17_38_10
109710 N17_38_11
109710 N17_38_12
109710 N17_38_13
109710 N17_38_14
109710 N17_38_15
109710 N17_38_16
109710 N17_38_18
109710 N17_38_19
109710 N17_38_20
120951 N17_39_1
120951 N17_39_2
120951 N17_39_3
120951 N17_39_4Hf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
32.2 22.1 24.5 50 56.4 56.8 52.3 0.41 0.17 0.8 3 3 carbonatite Speewah
35.3 19 18.3 25.90 10.9 11.7 11.8 0.55 0.47 0.8 3 3 carbonatite Speewah
70.4 10.4 2315 15 8.8 8.1 7 0.55 1.00 0.4 1 3 carbonatite Speewah
51.3 40.6 512 155 134 141 123 2.14 10.20 4.5 4 3 carbonatite Speewah
83.5 18.6 376 337 331 326 323 0.55 37.90 10.5 4 3 carbonatite Speewah
1.81 99.2 419 218 427 301 285 0.58 194.00 258.0 1 3 carbonatite Speewah
27.5 60.6 274 129 238 234 221 1.03 14.00 7.6 4 3 carbonatite Speewah
6.4 7.3 1424 48 50.2 48 42.9 0.03 1.59 1.2 2 4 Au Golden Pike, 0.25' from lode
6.5 8.3 1910 80 35.3 30.2 31.7 0.80 0.60 1.2 2 4 Au Golden Pike, 0.25' from lode
27.8 8.09 2600 12.09 6 7.2 3.23 0.14 1.08 1.6 2 4 Au Golden Pike, 0.25' from lode
31 7.9 2830 85 37.6 20.5 25.3 1.45 2.40 3.1 2 4 Au Golden Pike, 0.25' from lode
32.7 10.31 4960 36.5 11.6 11.9 9.4 0.43 2.62 2.7 2 4 Au Golden Pike, 0.25' from lode
34.9 8.26 1575 15 8.4 7.1 4.06 0.59 0.39 0.7 2 4 Au Golden Pike, 0.25' from lode
30.9 9 2510 27.5 17.9 12.1 10.4 0.20 1.51 3.8 2 4 Au Golden Pike, 0.25' from lode
19.8 12.7 2390 17.5 8.4 7.5 5.48 0.04 0.30 1.7 2 4 Au Golden Pike, 0.25' from lode
6.6 6.9 3120 24.5 5.6 1.9 2.89 0.08 0.07 0.6 2 4 Au Golden Pike, 0.25' from lode
25.6 10 2160 35.10 5.5 5.3 4.5 0.30 0.17 0.8 2 4 Au Golden Pike, 0.25' from lode
26.3 10.9 1693 10 14.4 13 11 0.25 0.76 2.0 2 4 Au Golden Pike, 0.25' from lode
17.7 6.56 1590 55 7 7.1 4.8 0.20 0.30 1.6 2 4 Au Golden Pike, 0.25' from lode
19 7.3 1767 35 8.2 5.7 6.9 0.19 0.26 1.9 2 4 Au Golden Pike, 0.25' from lode
14.6 9.4 2430 23 6.4 5.4 3.55 0.55 0.38 0.6 2 4 Au Golden Pike, 0.25' from lode
20.2 11.13 2350 10.5 7.7 8 6.1 0.10 0.23 0.8 2 4 Au Golden Pike, 0.25' from lode
22.9 7.1 1901 11.5 2.8 1.5 3.11 0.10 0.13 0.4 2 4 Au Golden Pike, 0.25' from lode
5.9 6.3 2730 21.5 2.25 4.3 3.19 0.28 0.08 0.7 2 4 Au Golden Pike, 0.25' from lode
48.9 48.5 119 13.5 33.4 43.3 37.9 0.04 0.10 0.3 3 3 lamprophyre Paringa
0.8 19.4 554 24 46.4 54.5 47.5 0.20 0.29 3.2 3 3 lamprophyre Paringa
13.6 15.2 941 22.5 46.9 60.7 47.2 0.29 0.10 1.3 3 3 lamprophyre Paringa
8.7 55.9 267 94 128 176 144 0.49 1.06 3.5 3 3 lamprophyre Paringa
7.1 16.2 463 119 151.6 183 155.9 0.55 2.06 6.9 3 3 lamprophyre Paringa
2.39 14.2 817 61 62.6 82 65.1 0.38 0.10 1.8 3 3 lamprophyre Paringa
3.5 23.4 528 32 30.3 32.2 30.5 0.24 0.01 0.9 3 3 lamprophyre Paringa
11.8 23.5 739 25 55.2 62.2 52.7 0.27 1.48 4.4 3 3 lamprophyre Paringa
3 9.8 663 25 38.5 39.8 29.3 0.22 0.05 3.8 3 3 lamprophyre Paringa
20.1 57.1 134 51 64.8 88.6 65.6 0.31 1.41 3.6 3 3 lamprophyre Paringa
6 20.3 1239 41 64.9 74.3 69.4 0.26 0.05 1.9 3 3 lamprophyre Paringa
3.1 39.8 426 65 85.7 89.4 81.1 0.22 0.39 5.4 3 3 lamprophyre Paringa
27.6 95 103.2 13 38 48.2 43.3 0.55 0.10 1.6 3 3 lamprophyre Paringa
11 57.2 398 20.5 43.9 52 46.1 0.28 0.07 2.6 3 3 lamprophyre Paringa
4.3 27.8 47.7 31.5 42 45 36.2 0.55 0.33 1.8 3 3 lamprophyre Paringa
5.3 32.4 21.4 14.5 51.7 66.5 53.4 0.32 2.48 1.8 3 3 lamprophyre Paringa
27.3 46.5 276 22.5 11.5 12.7 11.2 0.09 0.13 0.5 3 3 lamprophyre Paringa
1.53 19.2 1261 12 14.6 15.3 14.5 0.18 4.91 1.8 2 5 Au Golden Kilometre
1.28 21 1590 13.5 14.3 15.4 14.8 0.10 4.47 1.7 2 5 Au Golden Kilometre
1.5 13.7 966 24.5 15.9 16.7 14.6 0.41 6.47 2.6 2 5 Au Golden Kilometre
2.4 20.6 1490 36 18.7 15 12.9 0.65 5.93 2.1 2 5 Au Golden KilometreAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 253Appendix C Table 1 Page 7 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
120951 N17_39_5 790 14600 24000 1.6 5000 21.5 354 60 10000 9 10.5 10.5 15.30 11.1 848 0.70 34.9 117.4
120951 N17_39_6 2560 32400 32000 1.5 2250 40 431 46 25300 11.08 7 10 35.90 24.9 345 2.15 26.5 62.8
120951 N17_39_7 3180 61900 93000 4.1 5000 19.5 392 80 25300 6.5 16 16 28.70 31 552 0.13 14 107
120951 N17_39_8 4600 98000 110000 2.0 2300 37 416 44.5 23200 8 10.5 11 23.30 13.3 543 0.70 11.4 59
120951 N17_39_9 1140 28900 16000 1.6 3800 22 369 25 11400 4.6 6.5 8.5 34.00 9.7 494 1.05 17 86.8
120951 N17_39_10 280 790 43500 2.3 5000 20.5 319 55 13800 13.5 10.5 264 30.00 17.4 422 3.88 50.7 163
120951 N17_39_11 6280 115400 39000 5.5 5500 83 500 70 26300 19 17.5 28.5 28.60 43 845 1.60 19.8 74
120951 N17_39_12 2320 29100 40000 3.3 1900 23.1 314 30 19200 10.5 13 10 24.10 26 55.6 0.54 14.6 3.9
120951 N17_39_13 1220 9200 24000 3.6 4000 16 390 37 24700 17.5 23 12.63 26.20 13.9 475 0.89 13.6 86
120951 N17_39_14 12000 244000 250000 3.9 6000 115 680 80 94000 10.5 16.5 15 54.00 2300 537 1.90 29.5 121
120951 N17_39_15 2680 35300 111000 5.9 3050 37 391 70 33400 9 18.5 20.5 28.40 112 529 1.04 20.8 83.4
120951 N17_39_16 1450 6900 49000 3.1 4000 12 335 57 17400 9.5 11.5 14 19.60 12.2 539 1.57 37.5 88.9
120951 N17_39_17 1290 13900 35500 2.7 4700 16.5 380 55 13800 13.5 11.5 17 27.10 460 485 4.40 17.7 58.3
120951 N17_39_18 1710 32600 70000 4.4 4700 20 375 65 12900 9 19.5 28.5 16.80 12.3 594 0.53 19.8 63.3
120951 N17_39_19 2610 50300 15500 3.2 4800 21 379 40 16100 13 8 24.5 17.70 7 745 5.00 18.8 71.3
120951 N17_39_21 1150 22900 89000 4.8 2800 12 358 122 8480 8.5 18 9 14.40 11.2 591 0.07 16.4 76.3
120951 N17_39_22 1940 41500 29500 6.5 3200 14 384 50 13200 12.5 8.5 18.5 18.70 10.5 607 4.75 22.4 95
120951 N17_39_23 1160 15000 99000 5.5 1450 9 349 65 13600 8.23 13.5 12 14.80 12.2 710 1.95 26.1 99
120951 N17_39_24 1640 30800 70000 6.5 3350 15 325 42.5 11820 6.5 9 2.8 18.90 15.3 514 1.46 29.8 99
120951 N17_39_25 1620 29400 26500 4.8 3900 16.5 337 70 11200 14.5 16 12.5 22.20 64 492 0.33 16.3 90
120951 N17_39_26 529 6880 8500 6.5 3100 10.5 328 40 9000 7.5 6.5 20.5 12.30 15.5 466 1.70 26.8 109.1
120951 N17_39_27 1420 26600 37500 7.5 2850 11 346 60 8800 19.5 14.5 19 12.00 13.8 498 0.62 17.1 68
120951 N17_39_28 3540 25700 33500 10.0 3600 19.8 499 75 97000 13 14.5 24.5 36.80 29.9 420 2.25 27 29.3
120951 N17_39_29 1650 29300 87000 10.0 3950 33 342 47.5 10200 14 16.5 24 17.70 10 563 1.00 21.4 104
120951 N17_39_30 1040 5130 22000 14.4 1550 13 318 55 13900 3.8 17.5 15.5 17.00 13.9 641 0.32 24.5 109
120951 N17_39_31 2250 17800 44500 9.9 2200 12.5 347 70 23200 5.5 5.5 9.5 54.00 3000 671 2.36 26.2 115
120951 N17_39_32 370 1950 28500 3.7 2400 13.5 354 55 6700 8.5 11.5 4.9 18.10 340 519 0.10 29.9 150
120951 N17_39_33 1640 21600 25000 2.4 4100 14.5 410 21.5 16900 8 8.5 11.5 31.10 14.8 601 1.81 29.5 174
120951 N17_39_34 1120 6400 19500 0.8 1950 12 380 45.5 19200 7 10 9.84 18.60 12.5 566 1.67 38 153
120951 N17_39_35 550 7400 44500 10.7 7000 10 368 65 6300 24 16.5 9 16.30 12.7 539 1.74 18.9 138
120951 N17_39_36 2860 51000 27000 9.1 3650 32 393 49 17500 11.19 15.5 14 25.80 337 592 0.14 21.5 119
120951 N17_39_37 2280 32800 65000 2.5 5000 13.5 391 110 16500 14.5 13 24.5 21.40 17.6 543 0.57 24.4 121
N17B-9 N17B-9 - 1 1430 2900 47500 7.2 3050 36 34 80 16400 7 13900 28 33.00 300 9790 0.90 413 103
N17B-9 N17B-9 - 2 38000 85000 60000 3.1 3000 56 4.8 105 151000 15 8 440 48.60 290 8050 1.25 125 6.4
N17B-9 N17B-9 - 3 62000 138000 80000 68.8 4650 50 21 120 253000 10 15.5 390 40.00 64 12440 4.80 264 6.5
N17B-9 N17B-9 - 4 2830 17200 41500 26.0 3950 27 5.5 95 18100 11 9 12 155.00 179 10680 6.24 514 33
N17B-9 N17B-9 - 5 56000 125000 135000 126.6 2950 53 25 70 198000 5.5 12.5 410 58.00 56.2 15850 3.04 343 21
N17B-9 N17B-9 - 6 7400 27500 38000 23.0 4100 46 35 70 36200 11.5 12.5 80 103.00 200 12530 3.15 334 19.8
N17B-9 N17B-9 - 7 1620 3970 32500 2.0 3400 36 33.4 75 16100 6 8 17 164.00 1070 19000 1.85 234 16.1
N17B-9 N17B-9 - 8 16400 43000 47000 27.7 3500 30 16.2 85 70000 10.5 12.5 83 91.00 140 13100 3.53 305 25.6
N17B-9 N17B-9 - 9 4000 146000 210000 49.9 5500 47 20 160 12400 12.5 18 19.5 940.00 81.3 13500 4.05 308 17.9
N17B-9 N17B-9 - 10 40000 82000 180000 107.4 4300 61 15 135 145000 12 13 282 400.00 72 22800 8.63 183 6.4
N17B-9 N17B-9 - 11 2870 7010 45500 20.0 2350 60 28.2 65 20000 7.5 9.5 44 190.00 1270 20300 1.55 238 26.8
N17B-9 N17B-9 - 12 18900 58000 65000 124.5 3250 52 27.6 125 87000 13 15.5 100 207.00 2100 16800 19.20 286 11.5
N17B-9 N17B-9 - 13 2120 5170 41500 20.0 2500 20.2 30.4 60 16100 7.5 11.5 14 67.90 242 14160 9.27 300 49254 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 8 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
120951 N17_39_5
120951 N17_39_6
120951 N17_39_7
120951 N17_39_8
120951 N17_39_9
120951 N17_39_10
120951 N17_39_11
120951 N17_39_12
120951 N17_39_13
120951 N17_39_14
120951 N17_39_15
120951 N17_39_16
120951 N17_39_17
120951 N17_39_18
120951 N17_39_19
120951 N17_39_21
120951 N17_39_22
120951 N17_39_23
120951 N17_39_24
120951 N17_39_25
120951 N17_39_26
120951 N17_39_27
120951 N17_39_28
120951 N17_39_29
120951 N17_39_30
120951 N17_39_31
120951 N17_39_32
120951 N17_39_33
120951 N17_39_34
120951 N17_39_35
120951 N17_39_36
120951 N17_39_37
N17B-9 N17B-9 - 1
N17B-9 N17B-9 - 2
N17B-9 N17B-9 - 3
N17B-9 N17B-9 - 4
N17B-9 N17B-9 - 5
N17B-9 N17B-9 - 6
N17B-9 N17B-9 - 7
N17B-9 N17B-9 - 8
N17B-9 N17B-9 - 9
N17B-9 N17B-9 - 10
N17B-9 N17B-9 - 11
N17B-9 N17B-9 - 12
N17B-9 N17B-9 - 13Hf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
2 36.2 1263 12.5 12.4 10.7 11.6 0.02 4.13 1.6 2 5 Au Golden Kilometre
1.61 12.1 4350 12 23.3 24 22.7 0.21 8.90 2.8 2 5 Au Golden Kilometre
0.55 15.9 1500 31.5 18.8 16.9 19.6 0.40 6.64 2.2 2 5 Au Golden Kilometre
1.3 15.3 911 25 19.6 12.6 13.5 0.22 6.40 3.1 2 5 Au Golden Kilometre
2.2 12.8 870 11 16.5 12.7 11.6 0.11 6.60 1.8 2 5 Au Golden Kilometre
6.1 16.5 684 85 25.9 37.1 31.2 0.24 4.15 1.3 2 5 Au Golden Kilometre
3.4 65 1360 50 13.1 7.8 11.5 0.60 7.00 3.3 2 5 Au Golden Kilometre
0.17 3.94 826 31.5 13.2 14.7 12.6 0.65 1.54 1.9 2 5 Au Golden Kilometre
1.26 14.9 2380 31 22.1 20.1 17.4 0.33 8.22 2.9 2 5 Au Golden Kilometre
74 16.4 1436 36 18.8 15.4 18.3 0.46 9.50 3.6 2 4 Au Golden Kilometre
7.8 15.7 1242 30 20 16.7 16.3 0.33 6.62 3.1 2 4 Au Golden Kilometre
2.01 21.8 991 27.5 15 15.2 13.8 0.49 4.91 2.0 2 5 Au Golden Kilometre
19.3 14.3 2980 24.25 19.1 15.1 16.2 0.20 7.90 3.4 2 4 Au Golden Kilometre
1.16 19.2 973 26 12.3 13.7 13 0.38 5.16 1.9 2 5 Au Golden Kilometre
0.42 21.7 1127 46 11.4 11.4 13.7 0.22 4.56 1.9 2 5 Au Golden Kilometre
1.21 20 951 31.5 11.2 8.6 10.2 0.22 2.74 1.6 2 5 Au Golden Kilometre
2.1 20.3 1300 29.5 14.6 12.3 10.8 0.07 5.21 1.9 2 5 Au Golden Kilometre
2.6 23.6 1104 50 12.8 14 12.2 0.60 4.80 1.6 2 5 Au Golden Kilometre
1.7 16 1003 29.5 15.5 15.2 13.5 0.70 6.18 2.6 2 5 Au Golden Kilometre
1.17 16.7 1008 41 19.7 20.2 17 0.33 6.69 3.1 2 5 Au Golden Kilometre
1.5 14.3 907 14 13.9 10.8 9.4 0.55 4.32 2.2 2 5 Au Golden Kilometre
0.81 16.3 981 25 7.9 7.6 9 0.60 3.64 1.4 2 5 Au Golden Kilometre
2.15 12.2 10200 32 29.1 29 28.1 0.75 8.00 2.2 2 5 Au Golden Kilometre
1.42 15.6 1260 38 17.5 14.6 17.4 0.19 4.74 2.1 2 5 Au Golden Kilometre
0.52 20.6 1410 46.5 14.4 12.5 13.1 0.32 6.00 1.8 2 5 Au Golden Kilometre
89 22.3 1519 44.5 26.3 23.5 19.4 0.69 8.22 6.2 2 4 Au Golden Kilometre
16 21.9 1456 10.5 18.5 16.5 16 0.09 5.24 3.4 3 3 Au Golden Kilometre
1.26 19.5 2640 41.5 19.1 16.2 17.6 0.48 7.04 2.6 2 5 Au Golden Kilometre
1.44 25.8 1740 13 17.6 17.9 16.1 0.24 6.58 2.6 2 5 Au Golden Kilometre
2.2 24.5 1800 26 21.8 18.3 19.3 0.54 6.21 2.7 2 5 Au Golden Kilometre
17.1 18.2 1580 31.5 21.7 19.5 17.9 0.34 7.01 3.7 3 3 Au Golden Kilometre
1.89 19.2 1408 34.87 23.4 17.1 20.3 0.43 6.81 2.6 2 5 Au Golden Kilometre
5.3 521 2950 107 55 2800 6200 1.77 12.10 2.3 5 6 VHMS Bentley, stringer zone, py + sph rhyolite
7.4 102 3550 0.475 0.037 1.55 1.57 0.00 4.80 1.2 5 6 VHMS Bentley, stringer zone, py + sph rhyolite
4.6 444 2370 0.6 0.033 0.83 1.62 0.01 5.30 1.5 5 6 VHMS Bentley, stringer zone, py + sph rhyolite
5 281 10550 0.285 0.235 7.3 22.5 0.01 38.50 14.3 5 6 VHMS Bentley, stringer zone, py + sph rhyolite
3.7 362 6000 0.38 0.086 1.25 7 0.01 10.60 2.7 5 6 VHMS Bentley, stringer zone, py + sph rhyolite
10.2 326 8280 0.4 0.146 5.05 17.8 0.00 53.10 7.5 5 6 VHMS Bentley, stringer zone, py + sph rhyolite
29.8 528 4120 0.315 0.113 2.21 8.3 0.01 52.90 16.6 5 6 VHMS Bentley, stringer zone, py + sph rhyolite
9.1 345 7400 0.55 0.165 4.26 20.3 0.01 48.60 8.2 5 6 VHMS Bentley, stringer zone, py + sph rhyolite
2.55 351 3410 0.55 0.145 2.72 32 0.01 400.00 9.1 5 6 VHMS Bentley, stringer zone, py + sph rhyolite
2.8 336 2250 0.7 0.052 0.165 70 0.01 580.00 6.8 5 6 VHMS Bentley, stringer zone, py + sph rhyolite
35 645 3190 0.43 0.224 2.9 19.7 0.00 57.00 20.7 5 6 VHMS Bentley, stringer zone, py + sph rhyolite
71 683 1690 0.55 0.089 1.95 8.5 0.00 22.20 16.6 5 6 VHMS Bentley, stringer zone, py + sph rhyolite
12.8 479 5060 0.29 0.257 5.7 45.8 0.00 152.00 17.7 5 6 VHMS Bentley, stringer zone, py + sph rhyoliteAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 255Appendix C Table 1 Page 9 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
N17B-9 N17B-9 - 14 3560 10000 42000 35.0 4050 23 20.6 65 23800 12.5 10 68 70.00 206 15620 14.30 422 48.9
N17B-9 N17B-9 - 15 82000 180000 60000 39.0 7000 32 8.5 130 390000 17.5 17 510 32.00 122 11430 2.10 406 28.7
N17B-9 N17B-9 - 17 3200 10800 90000 23.8 2850 11.5 23.5 75 26700 6 12.5 43 188.00 410 14070 2.55 402 38.8
N17B-9 N17B-9 - 18 9000 41000 55000 164.9 4050 30 17.5 110 37000 8 11.5 64 470.00 34.3 10050 3600 510 35.9
N17B-9 N17B-9 - 19 42000 90000 150000 29.9 3150 32 29.5 70 168000 10 9.5 300 25.60 38.6 18200 4.45 310 14.3
N17B-9 N17B-9 - 20 12500 28000 125000 56.7 3050 56 22 220 55000 10 8.5 149 306.00 2290 9250 3.10 386 2.7
N17B-9 N17B-9 - 21 3450 6700 32500 8.0 2450 81 25.5 60 18000 7 8.5 35 35.90 185 12000 1.59 175 6.7
N17B-9 N17B-9 - 22 2780 7700 35500 28.0 2400 20 32 65 18700 10.5 9 35 87.70 670 12060 3.30 280 44
N17B-11 N17B-11 - 1 480 9800 36000 22.5 2200 37 3.6 80 4110 5.5 11 22 172.00 1980 7910 1.60 367 4.1
N17B-11 N17B-11 - 2 275 5400 17000 27.5 1800 34 4.65 90 5280 8.5 10.5 44 46.60 36.9 13660 2.35 485 16.1
N17B-11 N17B-11 - 3 800 17300 97000 30.0 2650 12.5 2.9 80 5900 8 11.5 17.5 42.10 33.1 12150 18.00 415 12.4
N17B-11 N17B-11 - 4 185 2470 137000 23.5 2100 24 7.6 208 4870 7.5 5.5 14.5 18.50 63 10400 11.20 392 6.2
N17B-11 N17B-11 - 5 450 8100 34000 29.0 3050 10 5 70 3480 6.5 7 14.5 34.00 510 7960 2.50 347 2.1
N17B-11 N17B-11 - 6 720 19400 97000 35.5 1700 40 4.45 75 5600 3.55 10 21.5 28.20 25.1 12170 9.00 515 11
N17B-11 N17B-11 - 7 1690 47000 109000 32.0 2550 25 11.5 70 5800 8 8.5 31 8.00 29.3 7800 0.85 401 1.55
N17B-11 N17B-11 - 8 2400 72000 49500 43.0 3450 70 10.5 145 7900 20 17.5 23.5 59.00 640 6500 630 380 8.8
N17B-11 N17B-11 - 9 3500 96000 168000 42.0 2350 34 12 55 7600 11.5 11.5 14 8.60 19 8490 2.05 478 0.95
N17B-11 N17B-11 - 10 236 960 34000 40.0 4050 9.5 9 65 6640 3.15 11.5 31 27.20 166 10420 8.20 390 2.5
N17B-11 N17B-11 - 11 183 2100 34500 48.0 2750 30 12 75 4990 14 11.5 11.5 5.70 17.6 8730 1.83 374 1.8
N17B-11 N17B-11 - 12 138 278 60000 44.5 3950 27 6.5 105 4440 7.5 11 9.5 5.00 19.1 7610 2.40 432 1.2
N17B-11 N17B-11 - 13 3040 87000 230000 80.0 4750 21 6.5 140 6500 12.5 18.5 24.5 28.60 47.1 9300 7.28 510 11.9
N17B-11 N17B-11 - 14 600 2320 43500 65.0 3000 36 23.4 75 5610 5.5 12 9 84.00 159 6000 6.52 169 4.5
N17B-11 N17B-11 - 15 65 170 31500 50.0 1850 9 10.9 49 3190 4.55 8 10 9.80 17.8 7440 0.75 366 0.85
N17B-11 N17B-11 - 16 1370 51000 38000 50.0 2800 42 18 85 10200 11.5 10.5 13 9.10 22.6 16000 0.60 471 1.75
N17B-11 N17B-11 - 17 370 354 102000 310.0 3150 25 6 85 10120 7.5 13.5 14 20.80 18.1 11610 3.30 551 1.05
N17B-11 N17B-11 - 18 430 6500 44500 355.0 2200 14.5 8.5 140 8000 12 16.5 29 41.00 210 14310 5.50 553 3.15
N17B-11 N17B-11 - 19 1750 21400 70000 440.0 4100 36 6 120 6600 12.5 11 11.5 62.00 1010 5380 3.35 381 7.4
N17B-11 N17B-11 - 20 11100 32000 33000 1100.0 2650 30 9.3 65 7400 5.5 8 20 23.10 301 5930 1.30 275 7.3
N17B-11 N17B-11 - 21 1140 5000 144000 47.1 2850 7.5 15.9 130 7300 6 9.5 16 44.00 98 5850 3.18 296 11.8
N17B-11 N17B-11 - 22 340 600 30500 51.6 1650 11.5 20.2 70 4700 7 9.5 23 84.00 530 5560 1.91 241 3.4
N17B-11 N17B-11 - 23 750 3750 40000 57.5 2850 31 10.5 60 6000 8 8 8.5 98.00 1220 5970 2.05 204 9.3
N17B-15 N17B-15 - 2 690 18300 135000 110.3 3300 21 4.5 137 4600 4.95 10.5 19.5 321.00 4550 7410 1.70 279 14.6
N17B-15 N17B-15 - 3 330 8400 118000 71.0 3000 34 32 75 2970 4.2 11 32 24.40 400 4089 3.30 425 11.2
N17B-15 N17B-15 - 4 560 7300 710000 82.1 7500 20 36.1 140 3400 16.5 21.5 110 20.70 61.2 4920 15.00 524 22.1
N17B-15 N17B-15 - 5 340 8600 43500 34.2 1950 11 12 75 5190 13.5 11 10.5 7.20 22 9330 2.00 386 3.4
N17B-15 N17B-15 - 6 132 960 106000 2.1 2650 32 63 75 2160 13 6.5 16.5 21.20 95 3830 4.40 584 10.9
N17B-15 N17B-15 - 7 570 12500 265000 0.3 3700 29 38 80 2860 11 13 26 17.30 80.5 3730 6.30 409 12
N17B-15 N17B-15 - 8 203 310 55000 86.7 3850 11 23.1 115 2830 10 8.5 14 26.70 220 4230 2.35 644 16
N17B-15 N17B-15 - 9 3300 155000 410000 47.4 7000 21 26 130 10600 15.5 18 45 232.00 3300 14500 5.50 431 14.7
N17B-15 N17B-15 - 10 210 2400 28500 40.2 2650 42 14.1 65 4930 6 8.5 10 50.00 18.5 6960 1.90 540 6.4
VB-9 VB9_1 1140 81000 306000 117.6 4750 121 1500 5930 1000 15 16.5 28 65.00 1180 254 6.10 9.1 32.2
VB-9 VB9_2 670 89000 75000 130.0 6000 100 1470 5580 850 13 13 21.5 52.00 142 265 2.20 24 34
VB-9 VB9_3 790 1490 65000 190.0 4900 116 1280 140 2800 21.5 10.5 34.5 6.60 1345 283 6.13 3.6 4.8
VB-9 VB9_4 276 160 23000 26.0 2950 74 1339 4260 450 8 10 6.5 12.80 328 295 4.15 10.1 21.2
VB-9 VB9_5 220 4620 171000 47.0 3950 137 1329 6020 700 10 10.5 13.5 281.00 3400 368 1.80 30.3 173256 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 10 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
N17B-9 N17B-9 - 14
N17B-9 N17B-9 - 15
N17B-9 N17B-9 - 17
N17B-9 N17B-9 - 18
N17B-9 N17B-9 - 19
N17B-9 N17B-9 - 20
N17B-9 N17B-9 - 21
N17B-9 N17B-9 - 22
N17B-11 N17B-11 - 1
N17B-11 N17B-11 - 2
N17B-11 N17B-11 - 3
N17B-11 N17B-11 - 4
N17B-11 N17B-11 - 5
N17B-11 N17B-11 - 6
N17B-11 N17B-11 - 7
N17B-11 N17B-11 - 8
N17B-11 N17B-11 - 9
N17B-11 N17B-11 - 10
N17B-11 N17B-11 - 11
N17B-11 N17B-11 - 12
N17B-11 N17B-11 - 13
N17B-11 N17B-11 - 14
N17B-11 N17B-11 - 15
N17B-11 N17B-11 - 16
N17B-11 N17B-11 - 17
N17B-11 N17B-11 - 18
N17B-11 N17B-11 - 19
N17B-11 N17B-11 - 20
N17B-11 N17B-11 - 21
N17B-11 N17B-11 - 22
N17B-11 N17B-11 - 23
N17B-15 N17B-15 - 2
N17B-15 N17B-15 - 3
N17B-15 N17B-15 - 4
N17B-15 N17B-15 - 5
N17B-15 N17B-15 - 6
N17B-15 N17B-15 - 7
N17B-15 N17B-15 - 8
N17B-15 N17B-15 - 9
N17B-15 N17B-15 - 10
VB-9 VB9_1
VB-9 VB9_2
VB-9 VB9_3
VB-9 VB9_4
VB-9 VB9_5Hf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
6.3 588 2390 0.465 0.294 7.7 57.5 0.01 137.00 25.6 5 6 VHMS Bentley, stringer zone, py + sph rhyolite
3.85 464 2490 0.65 0.09 2.2 20.8 0.01 57.00 9.4 5 6 VHMS Bentley, stringer zone, py + sph rhyolite
8.9 501 8170 0.39 0.225 6.22 46.4 0.00 63.80 15.6 5 6 VHMS Bentley, stringer zone, py + sph rhyolite
0.9 480 950 1.8 1.21 36 560 0.02 380.00 12.3 5 6 VHMS Bentley, stringer zone, py + sph rhyolite
2.55 768 3260 0.6 0.063 1.2 57 0.00 67.00 6.0 5 6 VHMS Bentley, stringer zone, py + sph rhyolite
68 462 548 0.345 0.082 0.47 114 0.01 35.00 18.4 5 6 VHMS Bentley, stringer zone, py + sph rhyolite
4.8 272 1610 0.47 0.053 0.65 7.38 0.00 20.60 3.1 5 6 VHMS Bentley, stringer zone, py + sph rhyolite
25 394 6820 1.8 0.261 3.89 10.58 0.00 129.00 20.0 5 6 VHMS Bentley, stringer zone, py + sph rhyolite
55 453 635 0.385 0.042 1.9 1.3 0.00 27.90 4.9 5 6 VHMS Bentley, disseminated massive sulphide
0.75 549 764 0.305 0.101 14.6 8.15 0.00 130.90 3.5 5 6 VHMS Bentley, disseminated massive sulphide
1.7 490 636 0.44 0.088 12.4 6.92 0.01 100.00 3.5 5 6 VHMS Bentley, disseminated massive sulphide
5.1 465 549 0.22 0.055 4.3 3.4 0.00 50.40 3.9 5 6 VHMS Bentley, disseminated massive sulphide
9.3 428 698 0.31 0.0271 0.8 0.83 0.00 9.50 1.3 5 6 VHMS Bentley, disseminated massive sulphide
0.3 553 725 0.37 0.086 8.9 6.34 0.00 69.10 1.6 5 6 VHMS Bentley, disseminated massive sulphide
0.6 419 427 0.235 0.0167 2.4 2.35 0.00 14.40 0.3 5 6 VHMS Bentley, disseminated massive sulphide
5.5 425 437 0.75 0.147 16 8.8 0.01 10.00 0.9 5 6 VHMS Bentley, disseminated massive sulphide
1.9 433 543 0.355 0.035 0.165 1.14 0.01 9.90 0.5 5 6 VHMS Bentley, disseminated massive sulphide
1.8 471 525 0.355 0.023 1.27 0.6 0.01 10.20 0.4 5 6 VHMS Bentley, disseminated massive sulphide
0.9 458 506 0.455 0.0065 1.7 0.44 0.00 6.40 0.4 5 6 VHMS Bentley, disseminated massive sulphide
2.4 458 297 0.305 0.00415 0.215 0.48 0.01 3.22 0.3 5 6 VHMS Bentley, disseminated massive sulphide
2.65 389 1090 0.8 0.09 8.3 6.3 0.02 31.30 0.7 5 6 VHMS Bentley, disseminated massive sulphide
3.05 268 1080 0.345 0.0674 2.65 2.46 0.01 15.70 3.4 5 6 VHMS Bentley, disseminated massive sulphide
1.1 383 138 0.305 0.0102 0.155 0.495 0.00 4.30 0.2 5 6 VHMS Bentley, disseminated massive sulphide
1.35 627 1470 0.485 0.02 1.55 3.1 0.00 0.47 0.3 5 6 VHMS Bentley, disseminated massive sulphide
0.7 465 531 0.22 0.006 0.53 1.6 0.00 5.40 0.3 5 6 VHMS Bentley, disseminated massive sulphide
5.6 505 990 0.55 0.05 2.4 3.15 0.01 2.60 0.6 5 6 VHMS Bentley, disseminated massive sulphide
19 288 697 0.6 0.03 0.34 2.3 0.00 18.80 3.6 5 6 VHMS Bentley, disseminated massive sulphide
9 285 784 0.33 0.023 0.41 2.35 0.00 12.30 1.4 5 6 VHMS Bentley, disseminated massive sulphide
2.2 334 930 0.36 0.031 0.53 3.05 0.01 20.20 1.8 5 6 VHMS Bentley, disseminated massive sulphide
22.3 228 788 0.45 0.04 1.37 5 0.00 17.30 2.6 5 6 VHMS Bentley, disseminated massive sulphide
35.5 203 1150 0.375 0.057 1.68 9 0.00 32.80 4.0 5 6 VHMS Bentley, disseminated massive sulphide
97 311 396 0.285 0.234 277 7.6 0.01 29.00 14.2 5 6 VHMS Bentley, disseminated massive sulphide
1.7 209 777 0.5 0.029 12.5 0.98 0.01 16.60 2.3 5 6 VHMS Bentley, disseminated massive sulphide
3.25 250 707 7.4 5 3000 227 0.00 8.50 0.6 5 6 VHMS Bentley, disseminated massive sulphide
0.75 464 900 0.43 0.051 20.6 2.39 0.01 1.51 0.3 5 6 VHMS Bentley, disseminated massive sulphide
1.75 139.4 639 0.355 0.0162 3.3 0.9 0.00 18.00 1.3 5 6 VHMS Bentley, disseminated massive sulphide
3.7 205 898 0.41 0.017 0.245 0.87 0.00 11.70 0.4 5 6 VHMS Bentley, disseminated massive sulphide
1.7 195 509 0.475 0.032 2 1.43 0.00 20.20 1.6 5 6 VHMS Bentley, disseminated massive sulphide
72 494 1280 0.75 0.384 92 18.8 0.01 22.20 13.6 5 6 VHMS Bentley, disseminated massive sulphide
0.4 326 348 0.35 0.039 11.7 2.35 0.00 8.80 0.2 5 6 VHMS Bentley, disseminated massive sulphide
41 9.6 37 0.65 0.078 2.3 13.86 0.01 12.40 4.3 4 2 VHMS Nimbus, dacite with fuchsite
3 16.7 52 1.05 0.104 2.51 24.21 0.02 23.30 2.8 4 2 VHMS Nimbus, dacite with fuchsite
44 12.1 78 0.6 0.024 0.25 1.47 0.01 2.00 0.7 3 3 VHMS Nimbus, dacite with fuchsite
13 4.5 120 0.455 0.0109 0.2 0.60 0.01 3.00 0.4 4 2 VHMS Nimbus, dacite with fuchsite
100 19.1 367 0.8 0.492 8.7 84.36 0.01 81.90 42.7 2 2 VHMS Nimbus, dacite with fuchsiteAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 257Appendix C Table 1 Page 11 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
VB-9 VB9_7 670 42700 60000 150.0 4500 48 1223 5380 1000 7.5 16.5 14 51.80 316 235 5.00 14.1 57
VB-9 VB9_9 95 610 77000 93.8 2450 6 760 9530 4300 160 27 20 24.10 8.4 244 77.00 12.5 35.2
VB-9 VB9_10 680 40000 160000 160.0 3700 15.5 1044 8160 3000 10 16 23.5 29.00 12 298 660.00 37 18.7
VB-24 VB24_4 132 1550 46000 291.8 3150 48 43 90 455 8 13 11 21.60 130.1 513 3.95 48 70
VB-24 VB24_5 55 820 26000 228.6 3250 106 128 55 3110 11 6 11.5 29.20 232 826 2.15 168 36.3
VB-24 VB24_6 550 10900 35000 28.9 2550 57 847 80 3460 5.5 10 16.5 121.00 320 1031 3.45 743 77
VB-24 VB24_7 175 21100 300000 93.0 9000 28 55 210 3700 22 29.5 34.5 129.00 550 676 5.00 453 1800
VB-24 VB24_8 146 1010 32500 10.0 2400 10 579 434 1940 8.5 8 37 12.20 20.8 517 3.25 277 354
VB-24 VB24_9 350 8900 50000 680.0 2950 18 627 442 43000 43 39 12 10.10 13.8 691 3.15 320 590
VB-24 VB24_10 750 49000 60000 341.9 6000 41 739 115 4200 17.5 15 13.5 9.40 79 912 6.50 396 85
VB-24 VB24_11 250 9200 47500 388.9 3000 38 56 80 2080 14.5 10.5 12.5 62.00 166 938 4.55 123 191
VB-24 VB24_13 65 3380 15500 267.7 2350 42 68 55 1720 14 10.5 12.5 22.70 113.6 731 3.54 64 42.5
VB-24 VB24_14 370 7100 29500 900.0 2550 34 82 60 1730 7.5 10 11 13.00 100.1 545 3.05 35.7 90
VB-24 VB24_15 248 12600 29500 315.0 2100 42 50.9 60 1660 9 10.5 212 24.20 143 596 1.80 29.3 480
VB-24 VB24_16 70 920 80000 265.0 2400 19 31.9 70 1670 11.5 7.5 10 32.90 77.2 1140 1.85 42.7 55
VB-24 VB24_17 310 5200 30500 235.0 2400 9 145 70 2240 11.5 8 15 32.00 78.1 856 4.10 145 790
VB-24 VB24_18 137 1810 74000 165.0 2550 49 151 169 1820 7.5 8.5 9 83.00 101.8 650 3.95 181 36.1
VB-24 VB24_19 280 3100 34500 120.0 2000 39 53 46 2360 4.9 7.5 12 188.00 5200 720 21.00 78 73
VB-24 VB24_20 640 22100 27500 80.0 2550 17 120 75 2290 8.5 10.5 11.5 56.00 80.5 975 4.75 146 1010
VB-24 VB24_21 100 3410 40000 80.0 3200 21 227 60 3550 7 12 90 110.00 1090 720 5.87 224 1470
VB-24 VB24_22 1550 44000 60000 85.0 3300 39 421 100 5900 9.5 14 28 57.00 76 850 5.00 599 290
109707 X109707_1 75 269 31000 49.5 2400 12.5 1401 493 465 9.5 10.5 7 6.70 274 1131 4.45 4.8 147
109707 X109707_2 320 390 33500 55.0 2650 7 1073 3700 1310 6 10.5 12.5 8.90 107.6 346 3.60 21.4 457
109707 X109707_3 302 4800 45500 55.0 2600 6.5 2250 522 650 8.5 9 10.5 6.00 19 1380 3.55 105 515
109707 X109707_4 204 1050 128000 50.0 3350 44 4330 220 860 9.5 119 8 11.00 1390 6500 0.10 151 58
109707 X109707_5 18900 18900 50000 39.5 2900 6 754 12900 22400 60 12.5 530 47.20 333 120 4.20 25.8 477
109707 X109707_7 166 133 38500 46.5 3700 6 1072 5730 435 10.5 10.5 7.5 49.00 115 75 4.85 16.5 279
109707 X109707_8 214 1640 32000 49.0 2250 11.5 1657 90 600 10 9 12.5 0.85 350 1430 4.35 48 252
109707 X109707_9 270 230 41000 39.5 2500 7.5 2230 75 550 10 9.5 12 3.00 2310 3380 2.05 36.2 250
109707 X109707_10 80 48 69000 31.0 3200 23 2390 75 1250 8 10 7.5 4.60 2340 2710 8.50 142 750
109707 X109707_11 154 221 30500 34.5 2850 11.9 1845 60 500 11.5 9 7.5 16.40 1790 2370 2.40 28.9 203
109707 X109707_12 70 786 38000 29.5 2750 38 1379 65 6600 11 8 10.5 27.00 290 16700 3.40 79 359
109707 X109707_13 285 710 45000 32.5 3500 6.5 1111 85 5800 7 8.5 12 10.40 87 16150 3.96 43 249
109707 X109707_14 70 820 27500 33.0 3500 15.3 655 70 7700 8.5 7.5 12.5 3.70 13.5 17700 2.11 41 340
109707 X109707_15 1570 3200 55000 33.0 3350 21 955 90 9500 10 11 25 3.60 53 15000 5.00 28.2 332
104361 X104361_1 330 650 17500 0.9 950 40.8 1651 1454 8130 4.2 4.1 7 2.26 27.8 1640 0.90 266 98.9
104361 X104361_2 173 32.5 15500 26.6 1250 37.3 1896 1478 12940 4.45 4.3 5 3.03 117 900 0.70 138 47.6
104361 X104361_3 270 42.5 9000 14.7 1050 54.2 2060 964 13470 3.55 4.4 6.5 1.74 94.3 1460 1.46 161 24.3
104361 X104361_4 2550 1490 20000 19.0 1250 466 1323 316 490000 5 5 31 15.80 33 760 4.80 143 55.7
104361 X104361_5 9200 2600 17500 84.0 25700 559 1557 468 453000 11.1 6.5 58 22.90 62 1100 0.30 143 50.4
104361 X104361_6 1180 4610 19000 11.7 1100 53.9 1980 811 19900 7 6 19.6 15.20 47.7 1447 1.80 389 166
104361 X104361_7 380 32 16000 310.0 1100 86 2270 1736 21130 4.2 5 6.5 4.50 21.4 262 1.50 20 21.1
104361 X104361_9 3410 1990 17000 40.5 1000 45 1417 1010 37600 2.8 3.6 20 9.10 24.2 1410 0.90 188 76
104361 X104361_10 152 19 12000 18.0 750 37 1259 1849 7370 3.2 4 3.8 0.20 11.6 865 0.95 228 162
104361 X104361_11 223 31.5 11500 17.0 1050 34.8 1484 2311 8670 2.7 6 5.5 1.15 41.3 701 2.00 224 194258 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 12 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
VB-9 VB9_7
VB-9 VB9_9
VB-9 VB9_10
VB-24 VB24_4
VB-24 VB24_5
VB-24 VB24_6
VB-24 VB24_7
VB-24 VB24_8
VB-24 VB24_9
VB-24 VB24_10
VB-24 VB24_11
VB-24 VB24_13
VB-24 VB24_14
VB-24 VB24_15
VB-24 VB24_16
VB-24 VB24_17
VB-24 VB24_18
VB-24 VB24_19
VB-24 VB24_20
VB-24 VB24_21
VB-24 VB24_22
109707 X109707_1
109707 X109707_2
109707 X109707_3
109707 X109707_4
109707 X109707_5
109707 X109707_7
109707 X109707_8
109707 X109707_9
109707 X109707_10
109707 X109707_11
109707 X109707_12
109707 X109707_13
109707 X109707_14
109707 X109707_15
104361 X104361_1
104361 X104361_2
104361 X104361_3
104361 X104361_4
104361 X104361_5
104361 X104361_6
104361 X104361_7
104361 X104361_9
104361 X104361_10
104361 X104361_11Hf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
7.3 13.7 63 0.95 0.073 1.52 23.16 0.02 23.70 5.9 4 2 VHMS Nimbus, dacite with fuchsite
1.75 4.8 44 0.5 0.038 1.6 10.43 0.01 2.50 0.5 4 2 VHMS Nimbus, dacite with fuchsite
1.25 7.3 39 2 0.55 15.7 13.34 0.02 4.20 0.3 4 2 VHMS Nimbus, dacite with fuchsite
25.7 40.9 1010 0.31 0.053 0.57 2.81 0.00 1.42 1.1 3 3 VHMS Nimbus, sph + py in massive dacite
37.4 55 3690 0.415 0.049 0.77 3.46 0.01 3.80 2.5 3 3 VHMS Nimbus, sph + py in massive dacite
32 60.6 9290 4.2 1.57 35 51.50 0.01 48.80 14.3 3 3 VHMS Nimbus, sph + py in massive dacite
54 44.4 2930 1.65 0.17 3.5 3.33 0.05 27.20 13.2 3 3 VHMS Nimbus, sph + py in massive dacite
1.8 32 1300 2.3 0.42 9.6 16.13 0.73 23.00 8.4 2 5 VHMS Nimbus, sph + py in massive dacite
1.6 32.6 1210 11.2 2.08 54 30.60 0.48 22.40 7.0 2 5 VHMS Nimbus, sph + py in massive dacite
9.3 57.3 5810 1.15 0.121 2.72 8.01 0.02 7.50 0.8 3 3 VHMS Nimbus, sph + py in massive dacite
38 55.8 3160 0.435 0.042 0.74 4.18 0.05 5.40 5.3 3 3 VHMS Nimbus, sph + py in massive dacite
19.6 43.2 1740 0.4 0.046 0.8 2.77 0.01 3.20 2.2 3 3 VHMS Nimbus, sph + py in massive dacite
15.5 35.7 1530 0.65 0.042 0.44 2.96 0.03 1.76 1.6 3 3 VHMS Nimbus, sph + py in massive dacite
27.1 37.8 1550 0.7 0.064 1.3 3.29 0.02 2.23 1.1 3 3 VHMS Nimbus, sph + py in massive dacite
13.6 44 1931 0.445 0.0385 0.69 2.72 0.00 1.62 1.3 3 3 VHMS Nimbus, sph + py in massive dacite
21.8 46.1 1290 0.55 0.036 0.83 2.79 0.03 4.70 1.8 3 3 VHMS Nimbus, sph + py in massive dacite
18.7 33.1 4790 1.3 0.0566 0.59 5.11 0.01 14.50 4.8 3 3 VHMS Nimbus, sph + py in massive dacite
209 38.3 2350 38 3.2 69 71.21 0.03 80.00 47.0 4 3 VHMS Nimbus, sph + py in massive dacite
16.1 48.2 1320 0.65 0.058 0.59 4.64 0.00 7.40 4.3 3 3 VHMS Nimbus, sph + py in massive dacite
27.5 40.6 4620 6.8 0.228 4.34 9.78 0.01 32.90 10.6 3 3 VHMS Nimbus, sph + py in massive dacite
16.9 45.1 5590 0.7 0.151 2.67 5.70 0.03 11.70 5.9 2 5 VHMS Nimbus, sph + py in massive dacite
14.6 13.5 18 0.6 0.26 5.04 1.68 0.01 0.50 0.4 3 3 lamprophyre Paringa
12 2.2 32.7 0.375 0.107 1.76 0.96 0.03 0.97 0.9 4 2 lamprophyre Paringa
1.15 37.4 53 2.5 0.066 0.93 5.49 0.02 0.88 1.0 4 3 lamprophyre Paringa
100 167 10.6 17 0.855 17.3 31.24 0.07 8.90 2.7 3 3 lamprophyre Paringa
7.4 2.6 71 0.47 0.156 3.28 8.01 0.03 0.75 1.5 4 2 lamprophyre Paringa
7.3 2.5 66 9.1 0.209 3.9 2.95 0.01 0.96 1.1 4 2 lamprophyre Paringa
25 23.1 9.6 5.3 0.122 2.28 1.02 0.02 1.07 0.5 3 3 lamprophyre Paringa
87 50.5 11.8 0.6 0.091 1.78 2.01 0.02 1.10 0.9 3 3 lamprophyre Paringa
93 98 21.5 3 0.144 2.91 4.26 0.02 2.10 0.9 3 3 lamprophyre Paringa
68 61.4 20.2 360 0.16 2.32 2.69 0.02 0.72 0.8 3 3 lamprophyre Paringa
4.6 169 26 0.55 0.118 1.31 8.76 0.02 55.00 10.0 1 3 lamprophyre Paringa
4.8 165 29.8 0.8 0.128 2.13 2.16 0.03 3.50 2.9 1 3 lamprophyre Paringa
0.7 242 19.8 0.85 0.032 0.25 0.92 0.01 2.30 2.8 1 3 lamprophyre Paringa
0.7 147 19.3 2.7 0.068 1.31 6.00 0.02 2.50 1.5 1 3 lamprophyre Paringa
2.47 65.1 8290 50 11.6 2.4 7.2 0.33 6.20 3.6 2 5 Au Victory-Defiance
7.1 39 13580 65 18.3 17.8 17.2 0.21 3.88 2.6 2 5 Au Victory-Defiance
4.1 56 15900 60 8.5 6.5 5.7 0.45 1.84 1.5 2 5 Au Victory-Defiance
3.3 31 2210 55 106 81 91 0.30 30.00 7.9 2 5 Au Victory-Defiance
2 26.6 3440 80 248 181 216 0.55 48.50 6.8 2 5 Au Victory-Defiance
4.7 60.1 5650 50 67.5 46.3 56.2 0.44 32.70 7.3 2 5 Au Victory-Defiance
0.395 2.15 25250 55 21.3 17.1 13.8 0.14 2.17 4.4 2 5 Au Victory-Defiance
1.6 37 5340 75 43.1 29.7 35.6 0.21 12.80 4.5 2 5 Au Victory-Defiance
1.07 35 6340 70 10.3 3.4 1.8 0.25 0.78 3.7 2 5 Au Victory-Defiance
3.6 37.4 9720 90 30.7 16.6 17.4 0.22 7.70 6.1 2 5 Au Victory-DefianceAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 259Appendix C Table 1 Page 13 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
104361 X104361_13 170 27.5 17000 12.5 900 58 1172 393 47400 5.8 3.8 5 9.00 76 899 0.44 212 122.6
111942 X111942_1 175 55 38000 10.5 1300 70 379 164 175 4.4 5 7.5 0.36 31.7 1114 0.80 49.9 0.6
111942 X111942_2 157 88 20000 1.9 1050 109.2 517 223 400 4.45 3.95 5.5 0.24 54.5 1427 0.70 32.4 0.48
111942 X111942_3 2280 14300 13500 0.1 1000 223 610 445 1850 3.65 13 35 3.48 107.9 1564 1.50 55.9 0.8
111942 X111942_4 410 1600 15000 4.2 1100 218 662 141 275 4.95 4.55 5.5 0.23 69.9 1595 1.65 57.8 0.465
111942 X111942_5 240 4200 13000 2.2 1150 186 752 139 730 3.6 4.35 7.5 6.00 131 1758 2.04 77 0.475
111942 X111942_6 870 830 14500 1.2 1050 231 1530 1240 1230 5 4.7 6 1.50 43 1348 1.66 151 0.355
111942 X111942_7 710 600 14500 2.7 1100 191 736 162 1120 3.2 4.2 6.5 10.80 149.4 1855 0.85 48.7 0.6
111942 X111942_8 293 830 13000 5.8 1000 296 670 739 255 3.6 4.55 4.05 14.50 154.5 2277 1.50 105 0.45
111942 X111942_9 221 207 14000 1.1 850 283 418 484 215 6.4 6 8 17.10 158 1923 0.80 38.9 0.5
111942 X111942_10 235 990 14500 2.3 1050 311 236 23 270 4.45 6 6.5 19.80 455 2015 0.55 6.9 0.65
111942 X111942_12 131 54 11000 10.2 750 159 558 221 185 2.95 3.8 4.4 0.30 59.1 1489 1.35 40.2 0.5
111942 X111942_13 290 1090 17500 5.5 1150 534 285 24 650 3.15 5.5 4.4 23.30 151 1595 3.30 102 0.44
111942 X111942_14 595 2520 16000 11.6 1200 830 623 114 3460 4.35 4.45 5.5 25.90 149.6 1607 1.20 1560 0.6
111942 X111942_15 9200 12800 16000 25.5 1200 366 830 264 11600 14 44 163 6.40 196 1480 0.49 171.7 0.75
111942 X111942_16 264 474 14000 5.8 1050 425 268 58 730 4.3 9.1 5.5 60.80 348 1797 1.05 64 0.5
111942 X111942_17 182 293 14500 1.3 1200 249 257 119 300 5.5 6 5.5 22.80 187 1330 0.55 72 0.405
111942 X111942_18 471 770 20500 8.4 1300 397 400 140 2020 6.5 4.85 8.5 126.00 880 1262 2.05 155 0.7
111942 X111942_19 1780 2130 24500 4.1 1700 321 291 130 2100 4.25 18.5 31 7.90 190 1494 1.32 45.5 0.36
111942 X111942_20 343 179 15500 3.6 1300 761 636 215 5040 4.1 7.5 6 6.80 118.7 1290 2.40 847 0.65
111942 X111942_21 272 890 15000 2.9 1000 264 187 112 275 4.35 4.4 5 2.80 110.6 1455 0.22 28.8 0.5
111942 X111942_22 520 380 11000 3.0 1500 166 316 200 1360 2.25 6 7.5 1.37 164.5 1856 2.35 50.1 0.29
111942 X111942_23 5200 5000 19500 11.1 1450 661 527 207 18400 6 16.1 37 10.90 118 1677 1.95 842 0.225
111942 X111942_24 2950 2030 23500 24.0 1300 4.85 26.9 36.5 3990 5.5 38 170 1.08 155 1561 1.35 23.7 0.55
111942 X111942_25 10300 9500 20500 15.0 1750 104 311 44.5 18500 7 10.5 73 138.00 920 1735 2.60 513 0.65
112132 X112132_1 161 1000 12500 4.0 1000 33.2 700 1900 1600 4.15 3.8 3.7 3.40 45 1616 1.60 154 0.405
112132 X112132_2 226 154 18500 6.0 1550 35.7 2218 990 6080 3.8 8 6.5 4.20 75.2 3010 0.80 191 0.8
112132 X112132_3 1490 341 36000 4.0 1700 58 853 2790 650 4.25 10 8.5 6.10 66.4 1028 2.37 232 0.7
112132 X112132_4 1130 270 27500 10.0 1800 30 948 2387 1460 5.5 8.5 8.5 0.65 49.3 987 0.75 174 0.8
112132 X112132_5 363 212 28000 9.9 1850 26.8 1830 1150 8600 4.45 5.5 7 0.33 43.7 3060 1.85 200 0.8
112132 X112132_6 590 253 18000 2000.0 1250 28.7 2350 1010 10000 9 6 8 0.55 42.1 3640 1.10 207 1.05
112132 X112132_7 152 117 10000 200.0 900 33.9 1998 1069 6660 2 3.9 3.2 8.90 53.6 2870 0.95 204 0.65
112132 X112132_8 193 96 19000 84.0 850 38 1743 940 6290 3.6 4.75 5.5 0.86 52 2746 1.00 200 0.31
112132 X112132_9 184 31.5 16500 19.5 1050 2.95 5020 8900 2910 3.1 6.5 3.95 1.23 8.8 1254 0.40 372 0.65
112132 X112132_10 232 37 20500 20.5 1450 47.1 2031 1664 4570 4 6 3.4 1.54 51.6 2360 0.97 196 1.05
112132 X112132_11 189 330 9500 12.5 900 54.1 1700 1710 3810 4.15 5 3.85 1.46 54.4 2100 1.59 193 0.86
112132 X112132_12 138 30.5 23000 22.0 1150 52.1 708 2410 1160 1.95 5 4.05 1.20 47 1019 1.30 203 0.22
112132 X112132_13 253 1600 12000 8.0 950 21.6 1183 2080 2110 3.65 6.5 8 45.00 420 1378 1.55 161 0.455
112132 X112132_14 162 243 14000 7.0 850 60 1926 1514 18320 5.5 5 7.5 0.14 117.2 2040 1.26 317 0.9
112132 X112132_15 148 32.5 9000 8.0 1050 98 1177 2930 580 3.7 7 4.3 3.00 108.8 374 0.49 272 0.185
112132 X112132_16 172 28.5 19500 12.5 1300 113.6 2223 1846 1300 2.3 4.35 3.9 1.55 99.4 1003 0.75 233 0.475
112132 X112132_17 134 27.5 17000 9.0 1000 121.6 2791 2068 910 3.05 3.35 7 0.26 111.1 841 0.47 196 0.19
112132 X112132_18 220 1860 11500 7.5 900 94 1339 2051 1470 4.4 3.9 4.05 2.00 93.2 1079 1.80 213 0.7
112132 X112132_19 162 30.5 60000 7.0 1150 113 582 3560 275 4.65 4.2 3.95 1.58 91 453 2.20 257 0.8
112132 X112132_20 126 35.5 57000 7.5 1000 108 1076 2596 390 4.35 5.5 7.5 3.70 80.9 1252 0.90 313 0.95260 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 14 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
104361 X104361_13
111942 X111942_1
111942 X111942_2
111942 X111942_3
111942 X111942_4
111942 X111942_5
111942 X111942_6
111942 X111942_7
111942 X111942_8
111942 X111942_9
111942 X111942_10
111942 X111942_12
111942 X111942_13
111942 X111942_14
111942 X111942_15
111942 X111942_16
111942 X111942_17
111942 X111942_18
111942 X111942_19
111942 X111942_20
111942 X111942_21
111942 X111942_22
111942 X111942_23
111942 X111942_24
111942 X111942_25
112132 X112132_1
112132 X112132_2
112132 X112132_3
112132 X112132_4
112132 X112132_5
112132 X112132_6
112132 X112132_7
112132 X112132_8
112132 X112132_9
112132 X112132_10
112132 X112132_11
112132 X112132_12
112132 X112132_13
112132 X112132_14
112132 X112132_15
112132 X112132_16
112132 X112132_17
112132 X112132_18
112132 X112132_19
112132 X112132_20Hf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
2.4 22.7 3370 125 89 59 69 0.36 26.90 8.2 2 5 Au Victory-Defiance
3.1 28.4 379 48.85 1.05 0.75 0.55 0.18 0.12 0.2 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
3.7 38.3 343 49.66 1.05 2.1 0.8 0.75 0.15 0.1 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
4.8 78.1 475 19 24.8 16.4 18.7 0.23 3.90 1.1 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
2.7 45.5 912 8 3.2 1.05 2.7 0.30 0.40 0.6 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
7.1 86 1128 31.81 17.3 14.4 15.9 0.60 5.40 0.8 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
1.8 78.3 558 39 2.2 1.76 2.9 0.28 0.28 0.5 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
8.3 107 1630 65.66 2.8 3.7 3.57 0.38 7.00 1.8 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
7.6 153.9 449 53.98 5.6 3 5.3 0.21 14.00 4.3 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
9.9 147 1470 10 12.6 8.8 11.4 0.40 10.40 2.6 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
24.1 249.4 2590 480 7.8 1.2 6.7 0.31 14.00 4.4 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
3.8 48.8 1098 59.19 0.75 0.75 1.07 0.32 0.30 0.1 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
7.3 134.1 3180 141.65 8.1 8 7.9 0.36 21.70 18.4 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
10.4 134.3 8940 159.93 10.1 2.2 3.9 0.60 31.10 24.4 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
14.3 197 2950 109.56 19.7 15.4 16.8 0.25 2.06 0.9 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
25.2 243 3790 52 6.4 3.5 4.6 0.17 21.90 9.5 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
15.7 184.9 659 7000 2.6 3.5 1.69 0.27 11.30 5.7 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
26.9 97 4280 425 36.9 21.6 29 2.16 132.00 38.6 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
10.9 64.8 1750 270 22.3 17.1 18.2 0.46 10.60 2.6 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
6.5 49.5 8300 180 4.8 1.4 2.3 0.35 6.94 8.4 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
8.1 78.9 1340 95 0.85 0.95 0.6 0.51 2.16 0.5 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
9.6 126.1 181 125 6.5 4.4 5.4 0.22 1.08 0.4 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
7.7 85.9 8500 115 19.5 16.4 15.2 0.39 9.10 17.2 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
7.2 47.9 3740 115 31 27.9 27 0.55 1.62 3.0 1 5 Au-Cu Telfer
19.9 124 3370 80 145 100 104 2.70 115.00 96.0 6 1 Au-Cu Telfer
5.2 41.3 1709 19 4.7 2.1 2.3 0.24 6.63 7.6 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
7 104.8 10680 4 29.1 8.9 13.4 0.35 21.30 52.0 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
5.1 34.8 1780 37 1.85 1.85 1.2 0.45 3.95 2.2 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
4.2 39.8 1390 37.92 2.2 1.3 0.95 0.33 0.21 1.4 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
5.7 152 15400 43.19 1 1.5 1.9 0.42 1.57 2.3 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
5.9 161 17100 54 1.15 1.3 0.65 0.38 0.24 2.3 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
6 229.1 12890 13 2.7 0.75 0.8 0.22 17.20 4.3 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
6.2 263 9460 14 0.8 0.9 0.75 0.29 0.07 2.5 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
0.77 49.5 11890 46 10.6 2.8 5 0.33 10.70 8.7 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
5.3 170 8930 132.40 1.1 1.15 0.495 0.40 0.85 3.1 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
6.4 123 6700 550 1.7 0.95 0.55 0.15 1.88 2.6 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
4.9 37.5 901 185 1.1 1.05 0.55 0.13 1.65 1.9 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
21.5 68 2390 135 30 13.3 21 0.25 64.00 450.0 7 1 Au-Cu Telfer
11.5 131.6 35400 140 1 0.5 0.7 0.14 0.09 3.0 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
5.6 12.4 1193 210 0.85 0.9 1.05 0.25 4.10 4.0 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
9.7 56.4 1900 720 2.7 1.5 0.8 0.29 0.43 3.4 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
8.2 55.8 1214 90 0.8 0.46 0.7 0.32 0.14 2.7 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
8.8 58.2 1550 85 4.3 1.9 3.2 0.46 3.15 7.6 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
8.9 26.7 1568 43.5 3.5 0.95 3.1 0.45 1.67 6.3 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
7.4 116.6 1456 55 9 2.1 4.3 0.65 4.10 8.2 1 1 Au-Cu TelferAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 261Appendix C Table 1 Page 15 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
112132 X112132_21 221 105 15000 6.5 1300 45 988 1800 1260 3.8 4.4 6 22.80 366 1380 1.45 156 0.5
112132 X112132_22 146 23 16000 7.0 1200 29.3 1760 4030 1210 2 5.5 4 14.10 205 1860 1.25 161 0.175
112132 X112132_23 155 136 13500 5.0 800 4.75 391 328 4160 3.25 5 4.55 2.20 37 2610 1.90 78.8 0.95
112132 X112132_24 170 52 13500 6.0 1100 22.2 960 860 2430 3.3 4.95 3 1.32 22.6 2570 1.20 104.8 0.365
112132 X112132_25 116 23 13000 3.9 1150 104 1705 2716 1030 2.7 5 4.45 3.54 60.7 968 0.12 225 0.29
124133 X124133_1 400 4300 22000 9.0 200000 870 281 35.5 2420 4.75 4.9 9 27.00 471 611 2.90 14.3 1.8
124133 X124133_2 238 159 21000 8.0 145000 406 476 27 2330 4.95 6 7 66.00 1151 611 1.75 7.6 6.7
124133 X124133_3 146 81 20000 12.0 1350 2020 840 42 2690 5.5 5.5 8 2.90 944 601 1.70 55.2 3.4
124133 X124133_4 450 2060 14000 9.5 36600 651 434 74 3530 1.9 4.6 8 6.80 550 419 1.00 15.8 1.4
124133 X124133_5 194 110 16500 7.0 1050 2850 1042 111 2390 2.95 4.05 3.9 21.60 1040 576 1.62 68.4 11.3
124133 X124133_6 320 850 19500 10.0 1200 850 767 26.5 1960 3.45 4.35 3.1 72.00 2280 428 1.10 24.6 19.4
124133 X124133_7 2900 7300 20000 16.5 1450 306 368 35.5 26100 7.5 85 43 13.30 756 579 0.85 5 9.9
124133 X124133_8 115 62 17500 11.5 1400 158 468 88 2150 2.7 4.95 4.25 2.18 483 707 0.70 0.85 2.2
124133 X124133_9 194 470 9000 9.0 4700 580 325 20.5 2010 2.95 4.2 3.15 9.30 1300 447 1.35 8.8 3.1
124133 X124133_10 360 870 14500 11.0 1400 364 426 20.5 4100 3.2 5.5 5.5 0.19 360 749 1.11 7.8 1.65
124133 X124133_12 203 108 11500 10.5 1050 1680 733 113 2750 5.5 4.5 5 0.33 407 641 1.42 25.9 1.05
124133 X124133_14 325 278 13500 12.5 60000 2270 705 142 2610 3.4 3.75 5 40.00 1119 683 0.44 34.6 6.5
51671 X51671_1 320 110 65000 7.7 5000 51 161 50 12600 9.5 15.5 13 1.40 569 1460 4.35 15.3 10
51671 X51671_2 205 165 70000 7.8 8000 159 94 60 44200 18 29 32 6.60 269 556 2.85 10.4 62
51671 X51671_3 105 110 125000 5.0 20000 65 84 139 79000 13 21 32 3.60 200 221 0.50 9 62
51671 X51671_4 235 155 70000 3.9 8500 95 96 55 63000 14.5 33 39 2.80 275 870 6.00 31.4 13.8
51671 X51671_5 150 120 50000 1.4 5000 146 31.3 44.5 24500 15 18.5 19.5 1.60 6.4 311 2.20 6.9 65
51671 X51671_6 180 55 76000 4.5 3100 95 92 59 58000 11 10.5 29 1.60 303 461 1.75 8.2 10.1
51671 X51671_7 220 90 39000 3.8 3400 87 168 34.5 12800 8 27 12 3.80 368 620 1.85 9.4 40.1
51671 X51671_8 810 170 43000 2.4 4250 101 140 39 35000 9.5 13.5 17.5 7.60 218 356 2.10 10.6 55
51671 X51671_9 160 105 65000 6.1 7000 135 59 65 107100 21.5 33.5 30 1.25 133 282 3.38 4.15 48
51671 X51671_10 175 130 30500 2.8 6000 65 119 46.5 22900 13.5 13.5 19.5 1.90 343 569 2.35 13.8 4.4
51671 X51671_11 155 105 60000 5.2 4150 145 125 55 96000 9.5 16.5 35.5 1.90 100 900 2.95 14.6 13.6
51671 X51671_12 110 105 60000 5.1 6500 106 45 65 72000 9.5 24.5 16 1.50 83 1490 2.92 7.8 10.9
51671 X51671_13 150 95 160000 3.8 16500 96 102 90 68000 13.5 22 12.5 1.65 141 970 2.51 18.1 17.6
51672 X51672_1 120 85 44000 8.5 4150 126 97 40.5 73000 7 16.5 64 1.60 112 285 2.30 10.3 37.4
51672 X51672_2 186 65 70000 2.9 4050 130 68 60 69900 6.5 11.5 19.5 1.30 12.6 243 1.95 1.4 9.5
51672 X51672_3 5500 15500 60000 7.7 6000 170 62 55 171000 34 26.5 222 68.00 2450 243 4.19 9.4 45
51672 X51672_5 90 95 75000 4.5 5000 115 166 60 54500 7.5 14.5 13.5 1.60 93.5 460 2.10 16.5 2.5
51672 X51672_6 360 117 39500 3.2 27000 158 123 36.5 11500 6.5 11.5 12.5 9.20 146 175 2.40 11.8 119
51672 X51672_7 9400 165 65000 13.4 81000 177 83 70 52600 11.5 30.5 82 48.00 1150 210 4.71 12.5 256
51672 X51672_8 1710 100 43000 8.9 16300 128 235 35.5 71600 11.5 20.5 59 9.30 142 363 3.05 17.3 42
51672 X51672_9 900 60 43500 5.8 3650 90 257 34.5 38400 7 11 31 4.70 254 407 2.00 16.5 35.8
51672 X51672_11 380 50 30500 2.2 2550 115 74 24 3290 6 10 8.5 0.65 132 326 1.45 14.4 13.1
51672 X51672_12 310 70 32500 3.4 3200 89 145 36.5 6600 8 10 11.5 14.10 960 631 8.40 20.1 24.9
51672 X51672_14 95 65 46500 8.6 4050 126 193 40.5 70500 7.5 23 13.5 6.70 423 1160 26.00 14.5 12.2
51672 X51672_15 231 65 48500 3.2 13000 145 143 32 5590 12 10.5 16 4.40 440 441 2.50 15.2 36.7
51669 X51669_1 10400 35500 70000 3.8 1850 75 204 25.5 40500 6.5 13.5 240 13.20 303 389 2.00 9.1 35.7
51669 X51669_2 384 6300 12000 9.1 1050 29.2 236 21 1520 4.15 7.5 10.5 14.70 401 776 0.95 8.9 378
51669 X51669_3 277 1290 19500 14.1 1350 19.9 289 23 1368 3.5 7.5 7.5 7.20 509 412 0.08 15.6 145262 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 16 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
112132 X112132_21
112132 X112132_22
112132 X112132_23
112132 X112132_24
112132 X112132_25
124133 X124133_1
124133 X124133_2
124133 X124133_3
124133 X124133_4
124133 X124133_5
124133 X124133_6
124133 X124133_7
124133 X124133_8
124133 X124133_9
124133 X124133_10
124133 X124133_12
124133 X124133_14
51671 X51671_1
51671 X51671_2
51671 X51671_3
51671 X51671_4
51671 X51671_5
51671 X51671_6
51671 X51671_7
51671 X51671_8
51671 X51671_9
51671 X51671_10
51671 X51671_11
51671 X51671_12
51671 X51671_13
51672 X51672_1
51672 X51672_2
51672 X51672_3
51672 X51672_5
51672 X51672_6
51672 X51672_7
51672 X51672_8
51672 X51672_9
51672 X51672_11
51672 X51672_12
51672 X51672_14
51672 X51672_15
51669 X51669_1
51669 X51669_2
51669 X51669_3Hf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
9.4 79.8 1610 43.5 7.8 4.3 5.1 0.50 45.30 134.0 7 1 Au-Cu Telfer
4.2 182 2130 32.5 7.1 1.15 3.49 0.34 42.00 72.0 7 1 Au-Cu Telfer
1.96 220 2020 37.5 0.65 1.1 0.7 0.30 2.80 10.3 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
0.7 277 1470 30.5 0.65 1.55 0.65 0.17 4.42 2.6 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
8.3 55.8 1085 23.5 0.85 1.15 0.6 0.21 1.51 2.5 1 1 Au-Cu Telfer
20 43.2 550 29 6.9 14.9 9.5 0.42 0.83 0.6 1 3 carbonatite Speewah
65.4 48 266 45 40.1 33.6 50.9 0.45 3.28 1.7 4 3 carbonatite Speewah
47.7 25.2 945 16 5.8 4.8 3.5 0.15 0.21 2.2 4 3 carbonatite Speewah
27.2 18.7 1139 18 3.7 3.2 4.5 0.25 0.30 0.1 1 3 carbonatite Speewah
58.4 23 671 4 35.9 27.9 35.1 0.27 1.36 6.7 4 3 carbonatite Speewah
101 36.6 214 37 67 63 72 0.31 8.00 4.9 4 3 carbonatite Speewah
37.4 28.4 2640 16 31 31.1 36.1 0.08 0.71 0.2 2 4 carbonatite Speewah
13.7 26 8110 16 24.1 24.7 26.5 0.39 0.21 1.3 1 3 carbonatite Speewah
58.6 22.3 600 21 15.1 17 16.8 0.23 0.67 0.2 1 3 carbonatite Speewah
20.3 25.8 4380 11 10.2 8.3 10.1 0.33 0.11 0.1 1 3 carbonatite Speewah
23.4 23.1 4340 21 1.35 1.2 0.65 0.60 0.13 0.4 1 3 carbonatite Speewah
61.5 22.1 203 18 17.2 16.7 17.9 0.10 1.53 7.0 4 3 carbonatite Speewah
54 61 1.1 75 5.8 3.65 2 1.03 0.40 0.6 3 3 Au Golden Pike, 3' from lode
19.2 25.5 1.45 90 3.75 19.2 18.8 0.60 0.42 1.1 3 3 Au Golden Pike, 3' from lode
5.3 9.1 3 80 4.25 7 8.2 1.05 0.37 0.4 3 3 Au Golden Pike, 3' from lode
38 30.3 0.9 130 3.6 3.45 3.6 0.60 0.31 0.2 3 3 Au Golden Pike, 3' from lode
2.7 11.3 1 145 3.1 4.25 7.3 1.00 0.26 0.6 3 3 Au Golden Pike, 3' from lode
28 21.4 0.9 37 3.1 2.15 1.2 0.70 0.20 0.3 3 3 Au Golden Pike, 3' from lode
14 22.6 0.95 85 2.2 8.5 1.45 0.85 0.31 0.2 3 3 Au Golden Pike, 3' from lode
14.8 20.5 1.5 65 63 25 44 0.60 0.22 3.9 3 3 Au Golden Pike, 3' from lode
7.7 17.8 0.3 185 4.25 2.95 6.3 0.60 0.47 0.5 3 3 Au Golden Pike, 3' from lode
24.7 20.1 1 130 4.5 3.7 2.15 1.00 0.45 0.3 3 3 Au Golden Pike, 3' from lode
12.6 29.8 3 140 3.8 2.4 8 1.30 0.20 0.5 3 3 Au Golden Pike, 3' from lode
10.8 73.4 0.7 90 2.6 3.7 2.3 0.72 0.17 0.4 3 3 Au Golden Pike, 3' from lode
24.3 18.2 2.75 85 11.1 4.1 6 0.75 0.19 0.6 3 3 Au Golden Pike, 3' from lode
11.6 11.2 1.65 85 10 9.1 13.5 1.00 0.26 0.2 3 3 Au Golden Pike, 7' from lode
8 10.2 1 55 23.3 13.3 17.3 1.05 0.37 0.3 3 3 Au Golden Pike, 7' from lode
50 13.2 2.15 110 33 34 29 1.15 0.42 1.4 3 3 Au Golden Pike, 7' from lode
8.2 15.1 1.15 90 5.3 3.6 1.8 1.05 0.27 0.2 3 3 Au Golden Pike, 7' from lode
4.2 4.1 6.1 60 6.1 15.9 9.7 0.90 0.54 0.8 3 3 Au Golden Pike, 7' from lode
34 7.5 18.5 140 26 27.8 33 0.65 0.75 2.7 3 4 Au Golden Pike, 7' from lode
13.2 21.9 149 85 8.6 11 10.7 0.70 0.74 0.7 2 4 Au Golden Pike, 7' from lode
18.5 9.4 4.4 95 6.5 4.6 1.55 0.29 0.23 0.6 3 3 Au Golden Pike, 7' from lode
10.7 8.8 0.75 30.5 4 7 3 0.43 0.14 0.2 3 3 Au Golden Pike, 7' from lode
60 24 4.6 60 1.8 7.7 4.1 1.30 0.59 1.2 3 3 Au Golden Pike, 7' from lode
20.1 42.6 1.15 85 2.3 2.9 1.4 0.65 1.00 0.2 3 3 Au Golden Pike, 7' from lode
17.3 14.6 1.6 46 1.65 1.4 4.4 0.52 0.60 0.2 3 3 Au Golden Pike, 7' from lode
19.3 23.8 718 4.95 1.1 2.25 0.55 0.03 0.14 0.1 2 4 Au Golden Pike, 0.25' from lode
25.6 30.6 387 2.6 0.7 1.3 0.55 0.01 0.07 0.1 3 3 Au Golden Pike, 0.25' from lode
26.4 25.4 209 4.35 0.6 1.6 1.01 0.00 0.13 0.3 3 3 Au Golden Pike, 0.25' from lodeAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 263Appendix C Table 1 Page 17 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
51669 X51669_4 178 210 11000 10.0 800 47 198 18.5 1030 2.35 4.25 4.5 12.60 312 650 0.60 24.8 275
51669 X51669_5 331 10700 32000 0.1 1450 50.2 438 23 1720 2.05 9 7.5 8.50 296 741 0.08 18.9 152
51669 X51669_6 13240 43000 72000 4.0 2600 43.7 107 27 49600 6 14 370 35.70 70 396 1.20 8.1 133
51669 X51669_7 2970 58000 19500 5.6 7200 84 694 43 4900 10.5 9.5 8.5 14.50 322 1071 1.50 26.5 127
51669 X51669_8 206 900 9500 14.6 650 20.2 585 17 990 3.4 7 7 12.10 515 474 1.55 19 161
51669 X51669_9 171 79 11000 3.3 800 108 380 22.5 714 3.2 4.65 5.5 3.50 663 429 1.90 12.3 13.8
51669 X51669_10 168 33 19000 11.2 1000 55.2 359 31.5 800 3.85 9 10.5 6.50 835 407 0.75 20 74.9
51669 X51669_11 299 6200 14000 0.5 1150 61.7 399 20 892 8 9.5 10 12.80 1175 381 1.70 31 111
51669 X51669_12 327 9600 17000 6.9 1650 48.2 259 31 1130 6 9 10 25.70 412 638 2.10 33.5 256
51669 X51669_13 140 211 8500 10.8 600 66.1 231.7 19 826 4.5 7 4.1 92.00 488 602 3.60 24.3 222
51669 X51669_14 470 8100 10000 10.2 1100 39.3 244 20 2060 2.85 8.5 8 7.20 414 689 5.50 22.6 47.9
51669 X51669_15 740 9900 13500 3.1 1650 41.3 261 23 4080 6 6.5 15.6 30.20 104.7 702 0.90 77.4 374
51669 X51669_16 180 3380 14000 1.4 1300 37.9 231 24.5 959 2.8 7 6.5 12.90 570 950 1.70 35.5 138
51669 X51669_17 340 21000 13000 10.4 1000 42 133 21.5 1830 2.9 5 7 24.30 404 1306 1.50 27.2 297
51669 X51669_18 168 1300 12000 20.6 950 121 179 22 1230 4.25 5 4.85 8.00 1194 891 1.20 21.3 78
51669 X51669_19 390 5700 10000 2.5 1250 128 254 24.5 1780 2.75 4.75 6.5 23.80 666 947 0.75 40.6 267
51669 X51669_20 670 7900 33000 4.3 1300 84.7 109.8 48 2720 4.85 7 7.5 19.80 271 628 1.00 41.9 104
51669 X51669_21 2530 26700 160000 5.3 1150 47.6 84 67 25700 3.6 8 57 97.00 167 429 1.85 42.5 239
51669 X51669_22 780 4900 48000 6.0 2700 39.7 160 24 4270 4 4.55 23 34.40 112 1155 0.95 88 381
51669 X51669_23 352 13900 15000 6.7 750 40.8 146 29 1690 4.75 7 5 16.60 151 1281 0.84 63.8 347
51669 X51669_24 1010 17000 23000 5.4 2700 62.6 171 33.5 3100 6 10.5 8 25.30 115.7 2120 0.94 111 530
51669 X51669_25 338 9300 37000 9.5 1000 132 211 15.5 1210 2.4 5 5 41.00 161 829 1.00 49 291
51669 X51669_26 580 9800 26500 7.9 1650 44.3 271 34 2550 8.5 14.5 11 17.50 879 564 0.13 45.4 428
51670 X51670_1 870 46 25000 4.0 1700 167 310 43.5 73000 10 6 11 4.80 210 422 1.37 8.2 91
51670 X51670_2 9300 55 28500 6.0 27500 200 196 60 155000 8 39 103 10.80 251 279 3.19 10.5 101
51670 X51670_3 380 125 90000 3.0 4650 132 130 150 192000 25 41.5 234 13.20 600 240 6.00 7.1 91
51670 X51670_4 2110 135 46000 67.0 19200 129 312 80 89000 6.5 32.5 86 5.40 97 287 5.50 27 115
51670 X51670_5 5300 63 17000 5.2 7200 142 275 26.5 71300 1.65 9.5 57 5.50 233 386 2.15 5.6 40.2
51670 X51670_6 1990 32.5 30000 4.5 1350 119 300 46.5 34100 5.5 12.5 10 8.80 256 241 1.05 12.9 107
51670 X51670_7 211 37 11500 2.7 1250 50.8 401 27.5 7400 7 10 4.9 1.57 229 201 2.40 7 9.7
51670 X51670_8 4680 100 23500 10.3 2250 159 221 85 20800 10 11 70 7.30 493 205 6.00 8.4 111
51670 X51670_9 5100 161 79000 10.7 7900 118 297 55 52200 8.5 13 40 15.00 265 433 3.94 47.2 164
51670 X51670_10 1310 33 18000 3.0 1150 122 371 27.5 34500 6 7 11.5 11.60 276 613 0.38 8.7 120
51670 X51670_11 207 43 13500 1.5 850 104 343 28.5 10200 6 7.5 4.75 1.36 171 285 0.64 7.8 37.8
51670 X51670_12 450 44.5 36000 15.6 1850 134 435 60 51900 5.5 12.5 12 3.60 173 296 3.85 7.6 68
N17B-3 N17B_3_1 1050 15900 122000 12.2 1050 24 17.2 18 63000 2 14.5 14.2 28.20 24.2 9330 15.20 791 165
N17B-3 N17B_3_2 533 7100 74000 61.5 10200 21.8 18.5 48 265000 7.5 45 2500 28.90 25.5 8530 6.80 1044 266
N17B-3 N17B_3_3 219 457 8000 6.7 1450 34.7 27.8 26.5 40000 2.75 3.55 7 50.60 11.98 6960 6.40 899 43
N17B-3 N17B_3_5 3080 65000 51000 4.9 1400 32.3 12.5 23.5 10000 2.4 9.2 19 18.40 41.5 8750 1.10 769 24.3
N17B-3 N17B_3_6 399 4000 210000 12.1 1700 23 9.8 26.5 11100 4.35 4.45 870 28.50 97 8460 3.25 770 111
N17B-3 N17B_3_7 213 980 12000 5.0 1150 32.8 21.1 21.5 4880 4.75 4.05 9300 71.20 13.8 3890 15.00 841 97
N17B-3 N17B_3_8 320 5680 12000 23.2 1600 51.4 25.4 18.5 10150 3.6 6 15 870.00 6600 9960 19.77 1080 226
N17B-3 N17B_3_9 770 7800 10000 4.7 1800 25 21.3 20 13900 2.6 5.4 19.9 67.80 22.9 7150 23.40 1023 142
N17B-3 N17B_3_10 210 477 6500 14.7 1050 25.8 15.4 12.5 9960 3.6 4.1 29000 162.60 1230 9720 1.40 974 78
N17B-3 N17B_3_11 259 2390 81000 11.1 1550 32 15.9 21 31000 3.95 3.9 9 51.60 22.7 6320 4.80 925 199264 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 18 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
51669 X51669_4
51669 X51669_5
51669 X51669_6
51669 X51669_7
51669 X51669_8
51669 X51669_9
51669 X51669_10
51669 X51669_11
51669 X51669_12
51669 X51669_13
51669 X51669_14
51669 X51669_15
51669 X51669_16
51669 X51669_17
51669 X51669_18
51669 X51669_19
51669 X51669_20
51669 X51669_21
51669 X51669_22
51669 X51669_23
51669 X51669_24
51669 X51669_25
51669 X51669_26
51670 X51670_1
51670 X51670_2
51670 X51670_3
51670 X51670_4
51670 X51670_5
51670 X51670_6
51670 X51670_7
51670 X51670_8
51670 X51670_9
51670 X51670_10
51670 X51670_11
51670 X51670_12
N17B-3 N17B_3_1
N17B-3 N17B_3_2
N17B-3 N17B_3_3
N17B-3 N17B_3_5
N17B-3 N17B_3_6
N17B-3 N17B_3_7
N17B-3 N17B_3_8
N17B-3 N17B_3_9
N17B-3 N17B_3_10
N17B-3 N17B_3_11Hf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
22.4 29.8 495 2.45 1.7 1.9 0.84 0.01 0.09 0.1 3 3 Au Golden Pike, 0.25' from lode
26.3 41.7 412 4.3 2.9 4.1 1.91 0.02 0.14 0.5 3 3 Au Golden Pike, 0.25' from lode
2.3 46.2 289 6 10.6 14.1 9.6 0.04 0.78 0.4 2 4 Au Golden Pike, 0.25' from lode
22 27.9 1061 4.3 6.6 9.8 5.5 0.03 0.66 1.3 3 3 Au Golden Pike, 0.25' from lode
31.5 26 246 3.75 2.3 1.45 0.6 0.01 0.13 0.1 3 3 Au Golden Pike, 0.25' from lode
82.5 12.1 390 2 0.55 1.75 0.395 0.01 0.05 0.1 3 3 Au Golden Pike, 0.25' from lode
89.8 11.7 183 2.15 0.65 1.65 0.96 0.01 0.18 0.2 3 3 Au Golden Pike, 0.25' from lode
127.9 25.1 261 2.05 1.61 1.15 1.58 0.00 0.47 0.4 3 3 Au Golden Pike, 0.25' from lode
31.9 13.57 714 2 3.2 5.4 3 0.03 0.19 0.3 3 3 Au Golden Pike, 0.25' from lode
31.8 11.5 365 2.45 0.7 1.45 0.6 0.02 0.11 0.1 3 3 Au Golden Pike, 0.25' from lode
34 8.3 145 2.45 1.99 1.35 0.8 0.01 0.19 0.1 3 3 Au Golden Pike, 0.25' from lode
11.7 29.5 1220 5.5 28.3 44.1 26.1 0.02 2.65 2.3 3 3 Au Golden Pike, 0.25' from lode
46.8 28.7 307 3.65 1.8 1.45 1.72 0.01 0.08 0.1 3 3 Au Golden Pike, 0.25' from lode
81.4 94.2 609 2.2 0.75 1 0.395 0.02 0.41 0.1 3 3 Au Golden Pike, 0.25' from lode
53.6 8.4 503 1.75 0.475 1.05 0.305 0.01 0.09 0.1 3 3 Au Golden Pike, 0.25' from lode
25.6 9.1 1343 4.3 10.4 20.6 10.2 0.02 0.56 0.9 3 3 Au Golden Pike, 0.25' from lode
18.2 34.7 2210 3.85 2.5 5.3 3.18 0.03 0.26 0.1 3 3 Au Golden Pike, 0.25' from lode
12 33.5 793 3.9 26.5 44 27.8 0.02 0.17 0.6 2 4 Au Golden Pike, 0.25' from lode
12.6 69 1128 1.75 27.9 42.6 27.3 0.04 1.87 2.9 3 3 Au Golden Pike, 0.25' from lode
12 97.6 806 1.9 10.5 11 9.5 0.01 0.81 0.9 3 3 Au Golden Pike, 0.25' from lode
12.9 119.7 1610 4.25 22.5 35.2 20.1 0.03 1.14 2.3 3 3 Au Golden Pike, 0.25' from lode
7.6 32 840 2.95 0.55 1.1 0.37 0.01 0.26 0.1 3 3 Au Golden Pike, 0.25' from lode
50.7 15.7 627 3.55 7.9 10.2 7.1 0.01 0.21 0.7 3 3 Au Golden Pike, 0.25' from lode
27.5 21.6 4.3 6 5.1 2.65 2.7 0.01 0.29 0.1 3 3 Au Golden Pike, 1' from lode
25.6 18.3 5.3 2.95 6 4.2 4.2 0.01 0.22 0.3 3 3 Au Golden Pike, 1' from lode
45 13.1 9.7 11 5.1 3.5 8.9 0.08 1.79 0.7 3 3 Au Golden Pike, 1' from lode
3.15 18 25.1 10 13.7 13.4 7.8 0.06 0.65 0.6 3 3 Au Golden Pike, 1' from lode
7.2 15.3 14.7 3.25 1.2 1.85 1.35 0.01 0.21 1.6 3 3 Au Golden Pike, 1' from lode
7.4 7.9 8.5 3.05 2.6 7.5 5.4 0.00 0.44 0.2 3 3 Au Golden Pike, 1' from lode
8.4 12.3 0.6 3.95 0.85 1.8 0.55 0.01 0.14 0.1 3 3 Au Golden Pike, 1' from lode
25.3 16.3 40 7 6.1 10.6 6.7 0.05 0.36 4.5 3 4 Au Golden Pike, 1' from lode
15.2 12.7 26.6 4.85 9 9.1 7.2 0.00 0.78 0.6 3 3 Au Golden Pike, 1' from lode
23 31.8 8.6 3.6 4.5 8.1 4.8 0.02 0.17 0.6 3 3 Au Golden Pike, 1' from lode
5.8 13.8 2.2 2.95 0.39 1.2 0.7 0.01 0.13 0.1 3 3 Au Golden Pike, 1' from lode
8.3 30.8 6.5 5 1.35 4.7 2.51 0.03 0.13 0.2 3 3 Au Golden Pike, 1' from lode
0.45 126.1 1380 11500 10500 10300 9700 0.43 20.70 1.0 5 6 VHMS Bentley, stringer zone, py + sph rhyolite
1.3 348 1540 72000 56000 77000 72000 0.07 26.80 1.2 5 6 VHMS Bentley, stringer zone, py + sph rhyolite
1.3 109.9 1669 4000 2000 2400 2400 0.09 28.40 0.7 5 6 VHMS Bentley, stringer zone, py + sph rhyolite
0.65 593 1190 1460 1480 1500 1610 0.51 21.70 1.8 5 6 VHMS Bentley, stringer zone, py + sph rhyolite
1.2 358 1370 71000 58000 68000 56000 0.21 16.40 1.0 5 6 VHMS Bentley, stringer zone, py + sph rhyolite
0.475 40 1176 23000 20400 24000 21900 0.98 40.50 1.6 5 6 VHMS Bentley, stringer zone, py + sph rhyolite
201 493 3770 44200 35800 41800 38400 16.30 134.00 43.3 5 6 VHMS Bentley, stringer zone, py + sph rhyolite
0.62 176 1020 8900 7000 8200 7700 2.62 41.40 1.5 5 6 VHMS Bentley, stringer zone, py + sph rhyolite
28.4 438 2690 14500 11400 13400 12700 2.76 56.80 22.8 5 6 VHMS Bentley, stringer zone, py + sph rhyolite
0.495 104 820 43000 34800 41000 38000 0.04 27.00 1.1 5 6 VHMS Bentley, stringer zone, py + sph rhyoliteAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 265Appendix C Table 1 Page 19 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
N17B-3 N17B_3_12 161 435 38000 8.9 1200 37.7 23.6 22 10100 2.5 2.55 6.5 155.00 1770 8870 2.00 971 172
N17B-3 N17B_3_13 315 4800 104000 10.5 1050 27.1 17.1 17.5 51000 2.4 12.5 59000 34.30 26 7980 2.00 839 87
N17B-3 N17B_3_14 910 11200 7500 18.9 1000 27.7 26.4 16 12200 3.35 4.7 24600 22.70 24.9 8450 9.80 960 540
N17B-3 N17B_3_15 254 2450 11000 7.7 1500 30.7 31.5 21 24700 2.35 8.5 39100 58.60 34 7740 7.10 992 74
51615 X51615_1 125 187 70800 3.8 950 33.3 1382 15.5 3280 4.35 3.85 8.5 21.30 206 593 0.85 29.5 843
51615 X51615_2 620 1150 111000 0.8 850 31.2 1374 18.5 7800 4.2 4.15 23 37.90 131 580 0.35 37 965
51615 X51615_3 340 661 60000 3.5 1650 45 1331 26.5 5300 5.5 5 22 24.90 95 440 1.10 24.5 860
51615 X51615_4 1140 28000 61000 8.0 1200 106.7 1586 19.5 12200 4.5 3.4 10.5 56.10 2160 1442 5.30 20.8 735
51615 X51615_5 605 1920 16500 6.3 950 41.5 1268 32 7390 3.95 3.9 32 27.30 1840 1357 9.30 14.4 890
51615 X51615_6 161 1180 8000 3.8 850 40.7 1360 29 3900 2.85 2.6 8.5 15.50 143 517 0.33 31.2 974
51615 X51615_7 174 2010 99600 1.9 950 41.8 1379 34.5 4350 3.4 5.5 13.5 18.10 273 650 0.72 32.2 1134
51615 X51615_8 8700 22200 24000 8.3 2800 53 1390 49.5 67000 10.5 8 149 37.40 216 447 1.30 27.2 897
51615 X51615_9 153 514 30000 2.3 950 31.5 1384 16 4500 2.4 3.35 8 21.50 250 641 1.55 36.6 1054
51615 X51615_10 1120 2560 127000 7.2 950 58 1385 51 12200 6.5 3.95 23.1 370.00 2600 509 1.74 39.6 1089
51615 X51615_11 283 1250 98000 4.9 1900 37 1300 27 3290 2.25 6.5 22 88.00 1800 327 2.30 15 927
51615 X51615_12 1780 7700 204000 4.7 1450 45.4 1445 31 14900 5.5 6.5 20 950.00 930 336 1.15 40.1 815
51615 X51615_13 580 3790 53700 13.4 900 55.4 1493 42 8100 2.8 2.35 10.6 63.00 520 381 0.95 35 834
51615 X51615_14 343 1210 13000 4.8 1500 70.1 1276 19 4910 3.2 3.6 20 6.50 1284 624 8.30 10.7 379
51617 X51617_1 940 1500 61000 4.5 2450 74 2950 27.5 800000 5 5.5 19.5 28.00 122 241 0.90 81 434
51617 X51617_2 1930 4000 1390000 37.0 8500 40 3720 180 161000 39 29.5 120 69.00 98 128 27.50 66 441
51617 X51617_4 6200 10900 126000 2.1 127000 77 2400 27 45000 6.5 5 82 61.00 1260 190 1.95 64 437
51617 X51617_5 2200 1240 15000 0.9 140000 76.4 2360 21 16000 4.4 5 18 28.00 66 186 1.80 52 388
51617 X51617_6 4000 6100 80000 0.3 52000 76 2180 32 27000 8.5 5.5 44 97.00 2020 205 3.15 58 368
51617 X51617_7 1800 530 16500 3.1 200000 67 2300 28.5 15000 13 3.75 12 13.50 77.5 209 0.65 51.6 415
51617 X51617_8 1730 1720 26000 1.9 94000 69 2440 40.5 11000 6.5 4.7 13.5 34.00 260 210 1.35 53 427
51617 X51617_9 970 1040 18000 0.7 33000 71 3390 34 170000 7.5 4.25 12 31.00 71.7 248 1.85 59 469
51617 X51617_10 4100 1350 60000 0.7 420000 82 2495 30.5 29000 6 4.85 11 62.00 700 220 2.10 67 459
51617 X51617_12 13200 19000 190000 1.4 109000 65 2620 18 77000 16 8.8 98 20.40 128 218 0.95 62.2 501
51617 X51617_13 15600 26000 80000 0.8 101000 85.8 2480 21 82000 15 4.1 104 28.20 72.5 217 4.80 59 463
51617 X51617_14 2400 4400 10500 0.7 32100 66 2830 15 94000 12.2 3.2 25 14.30 165 366 1.00 52 465
51617 X51617_15 3410 5800 40200 1.0 33000 59.4 2580 42 81000 9 2.95 44 24.20 590 328 1.00 44.7 378
51618 X51618_1 312 2550 12500 4.2 1450 43.8 2970 16 19400 4.05 4.4 45 22.70 72.4 296 0.85 112.9 1650
51618 X51618_2 206 813 108000 11.0 1050 34.7 3073 13 5760 6 3.6 17 27.40 66.8 276 0.58 127 1660
51618 X51618_3 425 3150 44000 5.5 1300 44.1 3020 23.5 110000 3.7 3.1 90 41.00 300 316 0.90 116.3 1292
51618 X51618_4 610 550 79000 3.9 1500 36.5 3005 12.5 11000 4.05 5.5 23.2 55.00 106 265.3 0.45 118 1610
51618 X51618_5 191 620 12500 5.5 1150 169 3620 17.5 3730 3 4.2 20 6.70 49.9 168 0.48 35 1840
51618 X51618_6 212 225 75000 8.5 2250 37.4 2360 55 258000 7 9 198 40.00 350 428 0.99 81.7 843
51618 X51618_8 148 18 16000 5.5 1500 262 2760 24 3920 4.55 4.75 4.9 2.50 760 267 1.70 16.1 987
51619 X51619_1 9000 28100 930000 27.5 4100 81 3350 95 588000 18.5 18 300 4.10 48 140 0.74 8.3 500
51619 X51619_2 550 5500 149000 48.1 2950 128 3130 40.5 583000 2.75 8 101 25.00 530 203 1.40 4.5 308
51619 X51619_3 259 4900 410000 3.4 3600 88.9 3320 38 650000 11.5 9 128 2.90 66 142 4.25 7 366
51619 X51619_5 2110 8100 39000 10.4 2100 79.5 3570 22 227000 4.3 3.7 115 10.40 14.1 203 0.27 14.8 630
51619 X51619_6 4020 10500 24500 18.0 3600 67.9 2810 38 710000 8.5 4.95 236 77.00 1110 81 2.03 10.2 550
51619 X51619_7 354 4010 73000 20.6 1950 87 3440 24.5 400000 6 8 123 5.00 47.2 426 0.12 49.9 851
120975 X120975_1 1200 2660 17500 0.5 1700 35.2 872 838 10300 8.5 5 17 1.70 33.6 293 0.65 12.3 2.3266 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 20 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
N17B-3 N17B_3_12
N17B-3 N17B_3_13
N17B-3 N17B_3_14
N17B-3 N17B_3_15
51615 X51615_1
51615 X51615_2
51615 X51615_3
51615 X51615_4
51615 X51615_5
51615 X51615_6
51615 X51615_7
51615 X51615_8
51615 X51615_9
51615 X51615_10
51615 X51615_11
51615 X51615_12
51615 X51615_13
51615 X51615_14
51617 X51617_1
51617 X51617_2
51617 X51617_4
51617 X51617_5
51617 X51617_6
51617 X51617_7
51617 X51617_8
51617 X51617_9
51617 X51617_10
51617 X51617_12
51617 X51617_13
51617 X51617_14
51617 X51617_15
51618 X51618_1
51618 X51618_2
51618 X51618_3
51618 X51618_4
51618 X51618_5
51618 X51618_6
51618 X51618_8
51619 X51619_1
51619 X51619_2
51619 X51619_3
51619 X51619_5
51619 X51619_6
51619 X51619_7
120975 X120975_1Hf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
39.9 382 2020 107000 80000 95000 96000 2.43 35.20 12.0 5 6 VHMS Bentley, stringer zone, py + sph rhyolite
1.6 340.9 1020 3500 2360 2900 2700 0.18 24.30 1.3 5 6 VHMS Bentley, stringer zone, py + sph rhyolite
1.58 349 1910 180000 159000 191000 181000 10.13 17.00 0.8 5 6 VHMS Bentley, stringer zone, py + sph rhyolite
1.31 333 1230 22700 19100 21700 18900 1.69 35.60 1.3 5 6 VHMS Bentley, stringer zone, py + sph rhyolite
15.2 23.5 316 67 32.3 21.7 20.7 0.02 6.10 8.1 3 3 Au Lake View Lode, 11' from lode, cloritised
7.6 25.1 408 43 43.3 31.5 32.1 0.02 13.20 7.7 3 3 Au Lake View Lode, 11' from lode, cloritised
4.8 20.5 434 46 42 26.9 26.9 0.01 10.03 9.8 3 3 Au Lake View Lode, 11' from lode, cloritised
107 41 203 33.5 7.6 13.1 11.3 0.01 0.31 0.3 3 3 Au Lake View Lode, 11' from lode, cloritised
86 49.8 109 26.5 9.5 11.4 11.5 0.03 0.19 0.0 3 3 Au Lake View Lode, 11' from lode, cloritised
10.1 28.5 417 27.5 34.3 17.9 16.9 0.02 9.71 10.8 3 3 Au Lake View Lode, 11' from lode, cloritised
15.3 40.5 347 34.5 42.5 25 22.2 0.01 12.30 10.5 3 3 Au Lake View Lode, 11' from lode, cloritised
11.3 19.2 494 80 47 34 32 0.04 14.70 14.5 2 4 Au Lake View Lode, 11' from lode, cloritised
12.1 19.6 290 48.5 36.9 26.4 24.7 0.01 7.71 9.4 3 3 Au Lake View Lode, 11' from lode, cloritised
72 20.5 423 16.5 60.2 40.8 33.7 0.01 17.60 15.2 3 3 Au Lake View Lode, 11' from lode, cloritised
79 19.5 111 30.5 11.8 10.8 10.3 0.02 3.94 1.8 3 3 Au Lake View Lode, 11' from lode, cloritised
39 19.5 502 35 45.2 36.6 32.3 0.02 17.30 9.3 3 3 Au Lake View Lode, 11' from lode, cloritised
22.2 11.33 365 18.5 57.3 32.7 32 0.00 11.04 12.3 3 3 Au Lake View Lode, 11' from lode, cloritised
79.3 17 86.3 21 6.1 6.6 7.22 0.00 0.16 0.1 3 3 Au Lake View Lode, 11' from lode, cloritised
5 6.7 16 85 30.7 15.7 18.1 0.02 7.90 5.8 3 3 Au Lake View Lode, 20' from lode, cloritised
8.5 6.2 9.5 410 12 13 28 0.06 8.50 2.3 3 3 Au Lake View Lode, 20' from lode, cloritised
36 5.33 13.4 75 28.8 13 15.1 0.04 6.20 6.3 3 3 Au Lake View Lode, 20' from lode, cloritised
1.4 1.75 11.9 37 25.2 17.7 14.6 0.03 5.10 4.1 3 3 Au Lake View Lode, 20' from lode, cloritised
33 3.9 17.5 70 17.6 9.2 12.4 0.03 5.60 5.7 3 3 Au Lake View Lode, 20' from lode, cloritised
2.9 2.9 12.2 36 23.8 14.2 13.5 0.02 5.50 5.1 3 3 Au Lake View Lode, 20' from lode, cloritised
9.2 3.5 12.7 50 19.1 15.8 13.9 0.03 4.20 5.0 3 3 Au Lake View Lode, 20' from lode, cloritised
2.4 3.8 14.8 50 22.1 15.2 19.6 0.03 4.12 5.8 3 3 Au Lake View Lode, 20' from lode, cloritised
18.4 5.3 17.1 70 28.7 20.2 20.3 0.02 4.85 4.1 3 3 Au Lake View Lode, 20' from lode, cloritised
2 4.4 11.1 32.5 19.1 14.2 14.5 0.02 3.50 4.6 3 3 Au Lake View Lode, 20' from lode, cloritised
1.9 4.2 14.9 26.5 22.5 9.2 11.8 0.02 4.43 4.2 3 3 Au Lake View Lode, 20' from lode, cloritised
8.8 9.1 14.4 30 15.5 10.1 11.8 0.01 2.70 3.6 3 3 Au Lake View Lode, 20' from lode, cloritised
18 8.2 10.2 29 13.2 12.4 8.1 0.01 2.37 3.9 3 3 Au Lake View Lode, 20' from lode, cloritised
8.2 15.3 3820 44 48.6 43.7 34.8 0.01 5.96 8.6 2 4 Au Lake View Lode, at lode, bleached
4.1 11.6 3560 37 38.6 34.8 31 0.00 6.30 6.4 2 4 Au Lake View Lode, at lode, bleached
13.6 23.3 3910 22.5 41.7 29.5 24.4 0.01 3.73 11.1 2 4 Au Lake View Lode, at lode, bleached
6.1 10.4 3630 39.5 35.8 28.7 25.4 0.01 5.02 5.7 2 4 Au Lake View Lode, at lode, bleached
2.8 5.34 1960 31 1.65 2.83 2.25 0.01 0.09 0.1 2 4 Au Lake View Lode, at lode, bleached
13 26 1390 50 14.5 6.5 7.3 0.00 3.33 2.7 2 4 Au Lake View Lode, at lode, bleached
24 3.57 1770 22.5 1.7 1.05 1.22 0.08 0.43 0.4 2 4 Au Lake View Lode, at lode, bleached
1.7 3.8 596 155 10.4 15 10.7 0.01 0.13 0.8 2 4 Au Lake View Lode, 3' from lode, bleached
26 13.7 680 32 4 6.1 6.3 0.18 0.24 0.2 2 4 Au Lake View Lode, 3' from lode, bleached
1.9 6.1 268 125 8.4 12.1 10.2 0.01 0.25 0.2 2 4 Au Lake View Lode, 3' from lode, bleached
1.26 18.1 1028 17.5 10.5 7.8 9.4 0.00 0.33 0.8 2 4 Au Lake View Lode, 3' from lode, bleached
43 9.1 640 44 9.1 5.4 3.6 0.01 0.28 1.1 2 4 Au Lake View Lode, 3' from lode, bleached
3.2 14.4 1970 23 25.7 11.2 10.2 0.00 1.20 6.7 2 4 Au Lake View Lode, 3' from lode, bleached
3.7 13.8 287 40 1.95 1.35 1.05 0.08 0.38 0.2 2 5 Au Royal Standard, YilgarnAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 267Appendix C Table 1 Page 21 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
120975 X120975_2 2380 18950 68000 3.9 1750 81.1 1054 209 18200 3.45 5.5 25.7 9.00 137 265 1.02 14.4 5.2
120975 X120975_3 690 16100 14500 2.8 1600 56.6 1009 84 4610 7.5 4.85 12.5 10.70 70.6 318 1.85 6 2.8
120975 X120975_4 2290 4500 10000 4.0 166000 28 798 2140 17200 8.4 3.8 26 88.00 19.2 303 0.50 8.2 3
120975 X120975_5 4960 35600 46000 5.5 2600 34.2 1057 1240 37800 39 25.5 18.7 7.60 51.4 305 0.65 12.9 2
DI1 N16_38_1 17100 30000 380000 15.0 366000 7 1510 281 29000 41 7.5 81 140.00 36.5 920 1.15 699 25.8
DI1 N16_38_2 167 510 16500 6.5 11000 3.55 1843 340 3070 4 93 23.3 5.10 49.2 1409 2.15 1390 37.7
DI1 N16_38_3 124 410 17500 8.5 7400 11.3 1674 410 2290 6 5.5 15.8 3.40 45.8 1590 1.95 1045 64
DI1 N16_38_5 127 19900 78000 10.0 108000 5.5 1650 345 1980 4.25 8.5 27.7 30.20 47.7 1298 1.00 1232 38.8
DI1 N16_38_6 310 5700 151000 21.6 180000 15.7 1484 294 2550 3.3 76 7 70.00 44 1510 3.39 585 31.1
DI1 N16_38_7 153 1140 24000 7.0 25000 4.35 1992 449 3320 6.5 3.65 15.4 14.70 191 1753 2.05 1260 29.4
DI1 N16_38_8 202 4830 128000 7.0 150000 4.65 1368 411 1670 1.8 4.1 5 95.00 47.8 1934 1.37 415 28.3
DI1 N16_38_9 103 114 7000 3.8 3300 3.1 1353 218 2860 3.5 17 23.6 3.70 31.1 971 1.00 652 38.1
DI1 N16_38_10 113 1410 55000 7.5 44000 10.2 1623 584 2180 3.9 98 21 40.00 175 1516 2.08 756 31.2
DI1 N16_38_11 780 17190 1110000 36.5 511000 16.5 1054 220 5100 7 14.5 20.5 157.00 1110 903 2.60 440 12.6
DI1 N16_38_12 2600 21600 498000 19.0 474000 58 1622 509 5900 10 9 32 171.00 72 1084 2.64 710 26.3
DI1 N16_38_13 24400 38700 413000 16.5 439000 57 1739 578 40100 63 12 117 153.00 52.5 867 0.98 940 24.4
DI1 N16_38_14 140 2890 75000 12.0 70800 16.4 1738 386 3130 3.8 5 10.3 24.50 84 1760 4.06 713 25.2
DI1 N16_38_15 195 3740 70000 7.0 125000 7.5 1351 374 2150 3.25 12.5 5.5 31.00 49.1 1885 1.98 504 25.4
DI1 N16_38_16 550 1290 14500 9.0 20000 9.5 1940 428 4120 4.05 4 5 10.60 42.8 1571 1.40 717 43.4
DI1 N16_38_17 10400 14100 13500 10.5 1700 4.9 1393 368 17500 21.4 3.05 27 3.60 64 1560 19.00 701 46.1
DI1 N16_38_18 16000 34000 388000 12.5 453000 49 1663 449 30000 68 6 154 277.00 62.3 525 0.55 972 23.4
DI1 N16_38_19 86 4420 62000 15.0 146400 7 1333 423 1750 5.5 6.5 12.5 71.00 48.2 1641 2.00 477 32.1
DI1 N16_38_20 144 263 16000 56.0 1950 19.8 1990 463 3760 3.6 260 87 6.40 67 1884 5.08 742 32.6
DI1 N16_38_21 1280 13080 600000 110.0 370000 23 1327 210 3400 5.5 9.5 25 193.00 39.1 1329 1.80 650 39.5
DI1 N16_38_22 1040 6790 152000 9.1 196000 9 1373 493 3470 4.7 3.6 28.1 60.30 48.4 1425 1.73 941 15.9
DI1 N16_38_23 125 362 11000 9.9 5500 3.5 2180 420 3780 3 7.8 16.5 2.25 43.6 1276 0.89 1560 17.8
DI1 N16_39_1 118 1830 42000 2.0 57000 8 1449 381 2040 5 14 13 11.20 39.8 1407 0.85 643 17.7
DI1 N16_39_2 191 9470 280000 9.3 301000 24 1118 469 2140 5 32 10 105.00 1740 1480 2.30 379 25.3
DI1 N16_39_3 92 128 38000 6.0 1300 4.1 1784 652 2620 4.7 12.3 29.2 9.80 167 3020 1.70 417 18.3
DI1 N16_39_4 270 100000 400000 37.0 324000 12 1048 389 1620 10 10 20 56.30 48.1 554 1.32 274 20.9
DI1 N16_39_5 12300 16000 106000 21.5 97000 6.5 1499 411 19500 47 88 89 223.00 43.5 1216 1.15 612 79.9
DI1 N16_39_6 1480 6400 173000 6.9 171000 7.5 1341 351 4420 5.5 4.9 5 166.00 38.8 1615 0.90 483 39.3
DI1 N16_39_7 680 880 13000 2.0 1250 6.5 1685 463 4420 4.45 6 49 1.42 43.5 1947 0.19 791 38.2
DI1 N16_39_8 115 249 15000 2.0 2000 7 1539 427 2590 3.3 3.8 30 4.70 40.6 2040 1.49 840 21.4
DI1 N16_39_9 16600 28000 157000 7.8 230000 41 1600 331 28000 65 13 129 51.00 44.1 1023 1.51 682 15.3
DI1 N16_39_10 670 6400 64000 9.5 156000 9.5 1288 326 2980 1.9 6 9 76.00 1280 1290 1.15 670 33.5
DI1 N16_39_11 101 113 8500 2.5 1450 9 1440 368 2060 3.45 6.5 29.8 2.38 41.2 1262 2.09 862 35.4
DI1 N16_39_12 6000 6800 38000 5.3 127000 13 286 26.5 394000 34 8 366 61.00 10.9 86 0.79 81.2 3.8
DI1 N16_39_13 6800 13100 152000 2.2 192000 9.5 820 62 195000 39 8 159 46.40 28.3 170 0.19 151 3.8
DI1 N16_39_14 81 94 13500 1.7 1900 7.5 1687 437 2900 6 4.55 19.7 1.74 51.9 1837 1.40 909 22.2
DI1 N16_39_15 114 187 16000 2.6 1550 4.7 2094 506 3870 5.5 5 32 4.90 87 4670 0.12 531 17.7
DI1 N16_39_16 350 6400 143000 1.9 198000 27.4 1411 320 2310 2.45 22 10.5 102.00 106 1110 1.05 434 29.2
DI1 N16_39_17 169 1830 20000 1.8 56500 5.5 1696 409 2890 5 3.75 10.3 20.80 47.7 1391 2.10 960 27.3
DI1 N16_39_18 41000 54000 273000 2.9 251000 57 1860 486 54000 118 10 140 67.80 50.5 814 3.25 849 50.2
DI1 N16_39_19 3290 6700 156000 12.3 114000 6.5 1520 407 6300 18.9 5 40 40.30 41.1 1921 2.35 372 28.1268 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 22 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
120975 X120975_2
120975 X120975_3
120975 X120975_4
120975 X120975_5
DI1 N16_38_1
DI1 N16_38_2
DI1 N16_38_3
DI1 N16_38_5
DI1 N16_38_6
DI1 N16_38_7
DI1 N16_38_8
DI1 N16_38_9
DI1 N16_38_10
DI1 N16_38_11
DI1 N16_38_12
DI1 N16_38_13
DI1 N16_38_14
DI1 N16_38_15
DI1 N16_38_16
DI1 N16_38_17
DI1 N16_38_18
DI1 N16_38_19
DI1 N16_38_20
DI1 N16_38_21
DI1 N16_38_22
DI1 N16_38_23
DI1 N16_39_1
DI1 N16_39_2
DI1 N16_39_3
DI1 N16_39_4
DI1 N16_39_5
DI1 N16_39_6
DI1 N16_39_7
DI1 N16_39_8
DI1 N16_39_9
DI1 N16_39_10
DI1 N16_39_11
DI1 N16_39_12
DI1 N16_39_13
DI1 N16_39_14
DI1 N16_39_15
DI1 N16_39_16
DI1 N16_39_17
DI1 N16_39_18
DI1 N16_39_19Hf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
12.7 10.6 177 70 1.85 1.65 3.49 0.27 3.22 0.5 2 5 Au Royal Standard, Yilgarn
7.7 13.4 180 38.5 3.8 4.4 3.19 0.15 1.97 0.6 2 5 Au Royal Standard, Yilgarn
3.8 13 418 21.5 1.1 0.8 1.39 0.01 0.64 0.1 2 5 Au Royal Standard, Yilgarn
7.8 13.2 447 20.5 1.15 1 1.39 0.01 1.35 0.3 2 5 Au Royal Standard, Yilgarn
3.7 51.9 3600 17.5 45 18.8 52 1.18 50.00 8.5 2 5 Au-Cu Boddington, diorite
4.2 72.8 4910 9.5 28 26.9 35.9 2.21 10.00 2.6 1 5 Au-Cu Boddington, diorite
3.6 90.1 3390 11 23.5 18.9 18.8 1.02 2.52 2.2 1 5 Au-Cu Boddington, diorite
1 77.2 2820 12.4 30.9 21.5 25.3 2.80 14.80 4.9 1 5 Au-Cu Boddington, diorite
3.4 119.6 1410 8 24 18.6 15.2 6.20 3.28 7.3 1 5 Au-Cu Boddington, diorite
9.9 101.5 7150 10.5 42.1 28.4 26.6 0.31 16.10 6.0 1 5 Au-Cu Boddington, diorite
5.2 126.6 1069 16.5 22.6 17.6 14.3 1.93 4.10 6.1 1 5 Au-Cu Boddington, diorite
1.72 33.5 890 1060 2900 3900 3500 34.00 11.20 8.0 1 5 Au-Cu Boddington, diorite
6.1 121.7 2950 10 24.5 12.1 12.5 3.20 5.35 8.1 1 5 Au-Cu Boddington, diorite
44 83.9 500 55 71 18.3 20.4 3.40 25.50 58.0 4 3 Au-Cu Boddington, diorite
5.2 94.8 1060 15.5 39.2 23.1 19 4.90 7.00 17.1 1 5 Au-Cu Boddington, diorite
6.2 51 199 22.5 56 21.1 8.3 6.00 2.65 27.7 1 5 Au-Cu Boddington, diorite
4.4 105 3690 10 75.1 47 74.3 1.68 61.00 10.9 1 5 Au-Cu Boddington, diorite
4 143 1150 12.5 36.7 30.4 28.3 1.42 5.25 5.7 1 5 Au-Cu Boddington, diorite
3.3 115.8 7560 20.7 21.3 17.2 14.9 1.24 4.33 3.4 1 5 Au-Cu Boddington, diorite
3.8 104 2620 18 28.4 21 22 2.20 4.51 4.2 4 5 Au-Cu Boddington, diorite
6.3 52.8 172 12.5 39.4 20 7.6 5.10 1.73 19.4 1 5 Au-Cu Boddington, diorite
4.7 129.2 941 15.5 18.7 14 14.1 1.08 2.18 6.0 1 5 Au-Cu Boddington, diorite
4.2 148 7300 36 103 100 89 2.08 8.40 5.7 1 5 Au-Cu Boddington, diorite
1.9 217 1680 32 52 49 33 4.20 4.09 8.8 1 5 Au-Cu Boddington, diorite
1.8 155 2940 19.5 13.9 9.8 12.5 0.75 1.60 1.9 1 5 Au-Cu Boddington, diorite
1.5 142 8960 42 113 97 87 1.70 6.58 2.0 1 5 Au-Cu Boddington, diorite
1.84 155 2650 11 23.7 18.1 15.8 0.49 5.51 4.0 1 5 Au-Cu Boddington, diorite
50 195 2380 23 66 37.5 27 0.83 16.50 32.0 4 3 Au-Cu Boddington, diorite
10.7 343 3130 27 77.9 61.1 66.5 0.48 33.30 8.6 1 5 Au-Cu Boddington, diorite
0.85 33.9 609 21 32 50 38 0.67 5.66 3.3 1 5 Au-Cu Boddington, diorite
2.1 155 3690 10.5 20.9 12.6 10.5 1.45 2.08 3.5 2 5 Au-Cu Boddington, diorite
3.2 256 1170 12 28.2 16.1 15 5.20 5.50 5.8 1 5 Au-Cu Boddington, diorite
3.1 238 6070 10 40.4 32.4 36.9 0.80 8.70 2.4 1 5 Au-Cu Boddington, diorite
2.9 214 3490 5 35.2 28.3 25.7 0.58 13.30 2.7 1 5 Au-Cu Boddington, diorite
2.8 103 3040 11 14.4 11.2 11.2 1.28 1.44 4.4 2 5 Au-Cu Boddington, diorite
49 131.9 2830 21 72 41 32.1 7.70 13.80 22.5 4 3 Au-Cu Boddington, diorite
3.2 93.5 3220 20 56 49 40 5.10 4.62 2.7 1 5 Au-Cu Boddington, diorite
1 28.4 290 10.5 7.2 5.3 8.9 0.67 0.90 2.0 2 5 Au-Cu Boddington, diorite
1.1 12.6 149 12.5 11.1 8.1 6.3 1.13 1.47 3.2 2 5 Au-Cu Boddington, diorite
3.5 170.8 4230 8 35 31.4 30.7 0.13 8.75 3.3 1 5 Au-Cu Boddington, diorite
8.1 389 6700 6.5 41.6 36.5 33.6 0.27 4.83 2.8 1 5 Au-Cu Boddington, diorite
6.3 118 1830 9.5 29.9 18.9 10.4 2.32 2.20 8.7 1 5 Au-Cu Boddington, diorite
3 79.4 4550 46 151 170 152 2.66 4.46 4.1 1 5 Au-Cu Boddington, diorite
4.6 65.8 549 24.5 26.7 10.9 6.1 5.20 2.09 11.0 1 5 Au-Cu Boddington, diorite
4 177.2 1818 8 13.2 10.5 8.5 1.41 1.85 3.5 1 5 Au-Cu Boddington, dioriteAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 269Appendix C Table 1 Page 23 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
AC2 N16_40_1 450 15200 290000 0.8 399000 39 834 1372 22400 9.5 9 46 241.00 84.5 1270 2.60 802 46.2
AC2 N16_40_2 174 19800 338000 2.2 502000 87 868 1015 2640 3.55 8 12 154.00 140 849 3.15 1486 35.1
AC2 N16_40_3 167 21900 293000 3.5 475000 100 1059 989 16700 7 9.5 12 540.00 291 909 6.20 2160 80.5
AC2 N16_40_4 102 3900 99000 1.1 111000 7 1077 1662 1400 5.5 5 6.5 86.00 178 815 7.60 1260 204
AC2 N16_40_5 142 6890 142000 3.6 153000 11.5 1498 1846 1590 5.5 31 30 79.20 169 2450 3.80 513 63
AC2 N16_40_6 780 7900 123000 1.5 136000 8 1462 1792 20200 13.4 3.9 14.8 60.00 136 3410 0.90 452 36.5
AC2 N16_40_7 104 7500 183000 1.2 264000 11 1001 1478 1840 9.6 5.5 6.5 20.30 69.4 1510 0.95 94 13.9
AC2 N16_40_8 152 1330 12500 3.7 38000 8 288 1610 1170 2 4.4 7.5 31.00 33.2 1239 2.50 226 27.2
AC2 N16_40_9 126 5500 113000 4.6 195000 10 314 209 1800 13.5 4.95 6 5.60 8 383 3.50 46.7 4.1
SP2 N16_41_1 295 2720 67000 6.4 81000 7 522 1469 1970 4.5 8.5 10.1 78.00 86.6 1715 0.85 347 54.8
SP2 N16_41_2 216 11000 168000 0.1 230000 8.5 570 331 3110 12 8 5.5 682.00 94.6 1680 0.95 782 40.9
SP2 N16_41_3 7100 23300 325000 2.8 426000 14.5 1293 510 8600 5.5 11 31 1570.00 85.5 2100 1.00 730 21.9
SP3 N16_42_1 101 7000 143000 4.4 243000 10 546 529 1680 5 7.5 8.5 340.00 32.2 1040 2.85 412 6.2
SP3 N16_42_2 114 600 17000 0.1 16800 9 732 654 1580 4.7 280 36 14.30 37.6 1009 2.15 260 17.6
SP3 N16_42_3 115 2500 62000 4.7 87000 9 874 699 1480 5.5 6 9.5 54.00 39.6 1770 1.80 200 10.3
SP3 N16_42_4 137 3600 65000 3.7 105000 7.5 728 567 1360 1.95 7 6 13.00 30.7 1580 66.00 96.9 8.7
SP3 N16_42_5 119 12800 253000 1.0 369000 10.5 515 518 1610 2.7 49 7 209.00 41.6 575 1.10 341 7.8
SP3 N16_42_6 159 6700 92000 6.4 175000 8 797 656 1850 5.3 6 3.5 153.00 61.8 1088 34.90 357 16.4
SP3 N16_42_7 292 3200 66000 4.7 102000 6.5 614 740 1840 2.45 100 7 48.00 161 1485 0.10 369 32.2
SP3 N16_42_8 370 33000 223000 7.3 375000 7.5 543 620 9500 5 1290 500 540.00 77.5 1560 5.21 900 16.7
SP3 N16_42_9 128 400 13500 6.4 8300 5.5 662 1089 1960 4.75 4.9 14 7.70 62.3 2720 50.30 226 13.9
SP3 N16_42_10 107 3200 62000 0.5 82000 7 641 667 1730 4.15 45 14.2 85.00 60.9 1600 4.20 426 19.9
SP3 N16_42_12 290 860 20000 4.6 13900 4.55 483 929 3190 3.45 21 22 77.00 43.9 1319 14.50 285 13.3
SP3 N16_42_13 118 6200 151000 4.4 223000 8.5 539 1103 1330 4.7 6 17.8 137.00 65.8 1700 18.00 269 9.4
SP3 N16_42_14 128 3300 63000 7.1 115000 5.5 562 1092 1050 4.8 301 7.5 181.00 86.3 1377 26.70 332 10.5
N16-49 N16_49_1 191 26000 199000 1.0 296000 29 842 443 16700 7 6 24 299.00 45.6 779 1.10 40.1 4.2
N16-49 N16_49_2 700 9400 100000 2.3 113000 27.7 779 379 7890 7.5 5 18.3 172.00 27.6 1089 7.90 13.2 0.95
N16-49 N16_49_3 2800 16700 144000 5.4 63000 21 2183 2240 5800 3.8 5.5 35 137.00 469 1163 0.60 94 8.8
N16-50 N16_50_1 239 294 15000 19.2 1150 34.9 2280 3430 14000 1.8 6.5 7 53.40 63.4 1425 0.59 82.3 1.3
N16-50 N16_50_2 173 1060 19500 330.0 11300 35.8 2140 5220 8130 4 4 10 83.00 104 3200 0.80 117 2.07
N16-50 N16_50_3 114 690 18000 47.0 10500 6.5 613 5020 1680 3.85 6 16.3 27.10 58.1 538 0.36 118 2.52
N16-50 N16_50_4 790 2200 25000 28.5 54800 31.5 2060 3400 12950 6 7.5 13 107.00 58 1648 2.25 110 2.28
N16-50 N16_50_6 362 550 11500 9.5 1650 5.5 200 179 6540 4.1 5 10 16.70 8.8 611 2.40 31.9 1.49
N16-50 N16_50_7 195 640 11000 9.0 21100 157 1580 1862 3500 5.5 4.8 7.5 43.20 171 1030 2.55 112 1.94
N16-50 N16_50_8 880 19900 244000 9.5 244000 81 1914 2220 7870 6 4.35 11 414.00 195.6 1429 0.41 90.7 1.45
N16-50 N16_50_9 191 390 8000 4.3 7600 7 859 3060 4540 4.3 6.5 6.5 23.10 44.8 870 0.95 61.1 2.1
N16-50 N16_50_10 179 3950 16500 3.3 33100 7 584 1749 8700 3.8 5.5 9.5 20.80 11.2 1340 0.13 12.5 4.2
N16-50 N16_50_11 1950 13400 78000 5.0 72000 12.6 653 650 14500 5.5 7.5 32 162.00 37.6 909 1.05 66 2.23
N16-50 N16_50_12 306 2830 25000 4.5 34300 4.6 446 234 15600 8.5 5.5 16.4 109.00 8.7 925 0.68 43 2.28
N16-50 N16_50_13 169 238 11500 3.5 8200 4.2 169 105 8700 5 7 15.9 5.00 0.68 392 0.41 8.5 1.09
N16-50 N16_50_14 182 185 11500 2.5 1950 6.5 509 1023 21100 3.9 6.5 36 5.20 4.14 905 0.97 23.2 1.1
N16-50 N16_50_15 148 119 13500 2.6 1600 11.2 414 573 4120 6 3.85 12.5 1.77 5.85 228 0.26 28.7 1.72
N16-50 N16_50_16 550 5600 29000 2.8 47000 5.5 347 315 5400 1.7 6 19.3 43.00 4.93 653 1.50 12.2 2.23
N16-50 N16_50_17 235 400 15000 2.6 1900 6.5 244 44 12500 3.85 5.5 7 3.32 8.6 882 0.28 25.2 1.33
N16-50 N16_50_18 280 2700 114000 2.2 122000 4.45 180 127 3950 9 4.7 8.5 82.00 3.6 380 1.10 34.6 0.7270 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 24 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
AC2 N16_40_1
AC2 N16_40_2
AC2 N16_40_3
AC2 N16_40_4
AC2 N16_40_5
AC2 N16_40_6
AC2 N16_40_7
AC2 N16_40_8
AC2 N16_40_9
SP2 N16_41_1
SP2 N16_41_2
SP2 N16_41_3
SP3 N16_42_1
SP3 N16_42_2
SP3 N16_42_3
SP3 N16_42_4
SP3 N16_42_5
SP3 N16_42_6
SP3 N16_42_7
SP3 N16_42_8
SP3 N16_42_9
SP3 N16_42_10
SP3 N16_42_12
SP3 N16_42_13
SP3 N16_42_14
N16-49 N16_49_1
N16-49 N16_49_2
N16-49 N16_49_3
N16-50 N16_50_1
N16-50 N16_50_2
N16-50 N16_50_3
N16-50 N16_50_4
N16-50 N16_50_6
N16-50 N16_50_7
N16-50 N16_50_8
N16-50 N16_50_9
N16-50 N16_50_10
N16-50 N16_50_11
N16-50 N16_50_12
N16-50 N16_50_13
N16-50 N16_50_14
N16-50 N16_50_15
N16-50 N16_50_16
N16-50 N16_50_17
N16-50 N16_50_18Hf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
6.6 44.3 304 15.5 102 34 31 4.00 14.90 29.0 1 5 Au-Cu Boddington, actinolite zone
10.4 30.4 119 34 253 75 39.2 10.60 25.50 97.0 1 5 Au-Cu Boddington, actinolite zone
26.4 46.3 266 17.5 678 139 40.9 22.20 80.30 295.0 1 5 Au-Cu Boddington, actinolite zone
11.7 25.6 1640 8 72 15.5 7.3 6.30 11.50 24.0 1 5 Au-Cu Boddington, actinolite zone
13.9 140.9 860 10.5 63.3 16.2 16.8 10.50 45.00 27.5 1 5 Au-Cu Boddington, actinolite zone
8.8 163.3 841 5.5 97 21.9 22.7 17.30 35.30 36.2 1 5 Au-Cu Boddington, actinolite zone
5.1 85 366 9.5 9.1 5.66 2.67 1.30 4.53 5.3 1 5 Au-Cu Boddington, actinolite zone
1.34 39 753 6.5 27.3 7.2 3.9 3.80 2.49 9.7 1 5 Au-Cu Boddington, actinolite zone
0.77 30.6 540 15 1.9 3.04 5.4 8.40 0.46 2.5 4 5 Au-Cu Boddington, actinolite zone
8.5 103.6 705 10 18.5 7.3 7.9 4.40 2.72 3.5 1 5 Au-Cu Boddington, cpy + prh
9.7 139.7 661 7.4 43.3 13.7 10.3 12.00 18.00 19.5 1 5 Au-Cu Boddington, cpy + prh
13.9 222 370 15 82 21.2 21.5 28.20 31.90 31.4 1 5 Au-Cu Boddington, cpy + prh
1.54 42.2 530 9.5 24.6 8.2 6.8 42.00 4.40 9.1 1 5 Au-Cu Boddington, cpy + prh
6.4 45.4 7900 5.5 32 29.6 25.3 74.00 2.66 2.8 1 5 Au-Cu Boddington, cpy + prh
5.6 96.7 1420 14.5 14.8 4.9 5.8 3.58 12.50 5.1 1 5 Au-Cu Boddington, cpy + prh
3.1 62.5 930 8.5 10.8 4.8 4.6 38.00 0.64 2.4 4 5 Au-Cu Boddington, cpy + prh
4.9 38.6 760 10 30.4 11 9.8 76.00 11.60 9.8 1 5 Au-Cu Boddington, cpy + prh
9.5 42.6 2510 14.5 55.1 19.9 23.7 15.00 25.30 18.6 4 5 Au-Cu Boddington, cpy + prh
12.8 68.5 3090 4.65 21.9 9 12.9 8.10 19.10 6.4 1 5 Au-Cu Boddington, cpy + prh
8.8 90.7 840 7 65 18.3 15 22.80 23.70 24.1 1 5 Au-Cu Boddington, cpy + prh
10 249 1159 7.5 67.7 16.9 6.6 4.70 2.40 25.7 4 5 Au-Cu Boddington, cpy + prh
4.8 118 2250 5 31.4 12 9.6 11.50 8.20 7.4 1 5 Au-Cu Boddington, cpy + prh
3.1 47.7 3700 8.5 53 52 47 0.82 2.62 4.0 4 5 Au-Cu Boddington, cpy + prh
7 31.5 4800 9 14.2 6.8 6.2 4.10 2.03 3.3 4 5 Au-Cu Boddington, cpy + prh
5.9 57 1960 6 34.7 24 21.9 2.00 6.91 8.1 4 5 Au-Cu Boddington, cpy + prh
6.4 12.6 4290 11.5 44.7 18.8 16.2 0.55 11.40 20.1 2 5 Au Hercules, drillhole NLD-210
0.75 34.4 2160 13 43.2 21.6 15.4 0.41 3.87 21.3 6 5 Au Hercules, drillhole NLD-211
59 17 6050 5 48.3 19.2 18.8 3.30 10.70 19.4 2 5 Au Hercules, drillhole NLD-212
14.5 5.17 33500 7.5 30.1 20.6 15.4 0.19 0.69 9.1 2 5 Au Hercules, drillhole NLD-213
13.8 11.6 21700 7.5 54.3 30 27.6 9.90 1.96 19.9 2 5 Au Hercules, drillhole NLD-214
8.7 1.11 3790 6.5 54.4 31.4 26.7 0.09 0.71 22.9 2 5 Au Hercules, drillhole NLD-215
10.7 4.67 30400 8.5 29.5 14.8 14 0.08 1.19 10.8 2 5 Au Hercules, drillhole NLD-216
1.67 4.69 9230 10 16.4 11.6 10.4 0.10 1.29 5.4 2 5 Au Hercules, drillhole NLD-217
17.6 12.7 7700 5.5 29.4 17.9 16.2 0.14 0.51 14.6 2 5 Au Hercules, drillhole NLD-218
16.9 15 7570 19 47 30.3 25.5 0.12 15.50 23.4 2 5 Au Hercules, drillhole NLD-219
4.3 6.29 10020 6.5 32.4 20.7 20.8 0.04 3.59 11.1 2 5 Au Hercules, drillhole NLD-220
0.14 49.4 6610 8 24.9 15.3 14.1 0.08 7.90 8.8 2 5 Au Hercules, drillhole NLD-221
4.2 5.5 11400 5.5 18.6 15.8 14 0.12 0.99 5.8 2 5 Au Hercules, drillhole NLD-222
0.94 9.6 7800 7.5 14 9.7 10.2 0.09 1.07 5.3 2 5 Au Hercules, drillhole NLD-223
0.415 4.47 6200 5.8 13.5 14.7 12.3 0.02 0.62 1.6 2 5 Au Hercules, drillhole NLD-224
0.6 28.1 11770 6 25.9 22.9 20.9 0.05 2.37 5.5 2 5 Au Hercules, drillhole NLD-225
0.41 5.14 679 5.5 8.3 4.7 5.37 0.02 0.60 0.9 2 5 Au Hercules, drillhole NLD-226
0.39 21.3 4410 10 13.3 8.5 9.5 0.12 1.96 4.5 2 5 Au Hercules, drillhole NLD-227
0.6 23.7 25200 6.5 9.4 6.8 6.8 0.05 0.61 3.8 2 5 Au Hercules, drillhole NLD-228
0.06 1.65 1180 8 6.3 5.38 4.8 0.05 1.18 2.2 2 5 Au Hercules, drillhole NLD-229Appendix C J.K. P ORTER 271Appendix C Table 1 Page 25 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
VB21 N17_07_1 416 20800 280000 355.0 3900 64 461 65 3600 13 13.5 82 65.00 950 462 3.30 45.8 33.7
VB21 N17_07_3 770 73000 95000 55.0 1600 48 579 117 2770 3.15 4.5 27 48.00 244 535 1.60 24.7 43
VB21 N17_07_4 320 9100 186000 39.0 1900 30.3 511 127 6200 6 6 5.5 58.40 224 617 0.90 41.6 62.3
VB21 N17_07_5 1130 154000 220000 70.0 3100 143 544 47 3160 6.5 11.5 14 51.00 387 766 2.45 160 18.4
VB21 N17_07_6 896 72900 215000 50.0 13800 47 581 219 2490 10.5 6.5 101 104.00 1140 507 4.30 71 38.1
VB21 N17_07_7 850 118200 346000 41.5 32000 51 612 295 2320 10 8.5 11 93.00 329 732 1.65 66.7 32.7
VB21 N17_07_8 323 12500 529000 253.0 54000 20 511 151 1820 10.5 8.5 15 152.00 220 809 1.65 34.6 54.9
VB21 N17_07_9 370 102000 432000 180.0 2900 30 547 143 1660 8 19.3 22 61.10 101.8 665 1.90 37.5 41.5
VB21 N17_07_10 266 15400 119000 170.0 1200 23.7 492 157 2300 5 4.4 10 48.40 233 528 0.41 46 44.8
VB21 N17_07_11 187 8600 321000 27.5 2200 30 496 131 2040 1.95 7.5 16.4 59.00 201 655 2.00 45.3 50.8
VB21 N17_07_14 143 730 12000 10.5 4700 76 437 120 2350 3.4 4.6 12.3 22.00 548 319 2.35 26 23.1
VB21 N17_07_15 144 780 13500 10.5 1950 81 450 153 2190 7 6 7 35.90 481 407 1.60 28.7 39.6
VB21 N17_07_16 258 14050 168000 21.5 1900 40.6 499 153 2060 4.7 4.85 8.5 45.90 218 568 1.80 52.2 47
VB21 N17_07_17 153 7100 187000 17.0 2100 89 481 104 990 10.5 5.5 10.5 40.70 368 426 0.15 59 39.5
C-124 C_124_1 149 415 14000 3.6 1900 56 1986 53 3160 3.35 4.2 7.5 5.80 24.4 9950 0.86 85.9 190
C-124 C_124_2 450 1400 13500 1.5 2200 38.8 1536 53 5700 11.7 6.5 29.5 4.80 43.5 8430 0.75 97 190
C-124 C_124_3 157 189 77000 1.3 2450 21.7 1344 17 1510 7.5 6.5 15.9 2.67 145.2 2660 1.65 62.9 92.1
C-124 C_124_4 291 671 12500 1.8 15400 5.5 1380 29.5 3530 3.8 4.25 5.5 20.30 537 8700 0.50 36.5 210
S4013 S4013_1 129.8 63.7 4190 2.3 26 207.2 2765 1550 899 0.577 3.62 10.23 0.13 33.13 550 0.29 3846 7.13
S4013 S4013_2 129.9 121.4 4240 2.1 24.5 199.8 3612 2166 2134 0.718 3.95 10.55 0.09 46.6 1143 0.46 4660 9.19
S4013 S4013_3 124.3 71.9 4670 0.5 20 147.3 2651 1928 1024 0.542 3.89 10.48 0.08 54.7 841 0.29 3520 7.7
S4013 S4013_4 131.4 55.8 4430 1.6 20.5 119.7 2115 2010 951 0.46 4.29 18.7 0.28 60.7 849 0.21 3327 7.3
S4013 S4013_5 309 1590 6310 2.0 424 159.6 3875 1342 12060 1.83 140 749 10.23 83.9 2068 1.24 6120 15.7
S4013 S4013_6 144.1 305 4940 0.7 20 217.6 2081 5700 2180 0.93 25.6 190 3.54 78.8 1081 0.72 5830 12.96
S4013 S4013_8 160.7 477 4270 2.0 21.5 172 4080 1222 7360 0.98 42.8 307 13.30 132.7 2790 1.12 5720 18.5
S4013 S4013_10 155.9 482 4910 0.6 32.5 154.7 4340 1178 7090 0.84 16.5 79.5 4.50 66.3 2308 0.96 6480 14.19
S4013 S4013_11 146.3 344 4980 0.5 25.5 167.8 2320 1495 2730 0.86 41.7 81.8 1.59 42 993 0.42 5050 10.64
S4005 S4005_1 99.6 78.2 4400 1.8 16 156.6 9760 18.87 3632 0.101 3.24 7.96 0.22 410 319.1 2.37 51.3 8340
S4005 S4005_2 110.5 88.9 4290 2.4 79 210.8 10880 26.12 6120 0.237 2.97 29.4 1.35 384 372.6 2.31 48.2 8410
S4005 S4005_3 118.5 83 4130 2.5 18.5 218.1 9640 23.2 3485 0.156 3.37 18.7 0.63 400.2 353.9 2.54 52.5 8310
S4005 S4005_4 99.9 74.3 4010 2.0 24 291.5 10870 34.4 4665 0.129 2.93 7.67 0.13 393.8 371.3 3.01 54.3 8140
S4005 S4005_5 111.9 86.1 4170 1.8 820 128.7 9780 28.95 3175 0.252 3.08 10.1 2.50 390.6 312.1 2.44 49 8350
S4005 S4005_6 286 3850 13200 1.9 9200 159.5 11190 37.57 3936 0.198 2.74 10.45 34.70 404.5 336.8 2.21 52.6 8870
S4005 S4005_7 148.5 1860 11580 1.9 10840 242 9980 36.4 3480 0.417 3.25 13.9 77.00 365.9 353.3 3.28 55.1 8370
S4005 S4005_8 110.8 284 5210 2.3 1500 353 9430 36.5 4120 0.7 4.64 10 12.10 379.8 395 3.75 65.7 9800
S3999 S3999_1 107.6 100.2 4160 1.9 15 301.7 750 186.5 9000 0.175 2.72 7.71 0.13 649 7490 7.39 980 0.348
S3999 S3999_2 103.8 185.3 4220 1.4 20 298.5 761 191.4 9490 0.361 4.51 10.47 0.31 638 7450 7.06 972 0.502
S3999 S3999_3 103.1 126.9 4080 2.1 21.5 301.1 751 191.6 9710 0.239 3.06 7.49 0.14 644 7530 7.42 985 0.305
S3999 S3999_4 102.3 91.3 4200 1.9 17.5 301 750 186.7 8160 0.231 2.64 7.49 0.11 632 7460 7.27 964 0.337
S3999 S3999_5 104.1 125.6 3890 1.8 23 303.9 791 192.9 7670 0.3 2.96 9.56 0.18 630 7520 7.22 999 0.39
S3999 S3999_6 108.5 124.3 4110 1.0 16 289.2 772 198.6 7410 0.354 3.94 13.7 0.27 608 7770 7.24 1288 0.338
S3999 S3999_7 105.6 109.1 4010 1.5 20 301.2 760 190.5 10900 0.237 3.01 7.38 0.12 642 7710 7.13 1220 0.366
S3999 S3999_8 101.8 130.3 4150 1.9 16 297.2 776 199.1 8430 0.492 4 18.6 0.34 623 7820 7.52 1324 0.513
S3999 S3999_9 99 125.6 4110 1.3 12.5 297.7 772 192.9 9840 0.247 3.29 8 0.14 628 7830 7.48 1255 0.396
S3999 S3999_10 94 116.1 4240 1.3 19 308.3 758 190.1 9460 0.21 2.84 7.1 0.13 649 7640 7.31 1177 0.37272 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 26 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
VB21 N17_07_1
VB21 N17_07_3
VB21 N17_07_4
VB21 N17_07_5
VB21 N17_07_6
VB21 N17_07_7
VB21 N17_07_8
VB21 N17_07_9
VB21 N17_07_10
VB21 N17_07_11
VB21 N17_07_14
VB21 N17_07_15
VB21 N17_07_16
VB21 N17_07_17
C-124 C_124_1
C-124 C_124_2
C-124 C_124_3
C-124 C_124_4
S4013 S4013_1
S4013 S4013_2
S4013 S4013_3
S4013 S4013_4
S4013 S4013_5
S4013 S4013_6
S4013 S4013_8
S4013 S4013_10
S4013 S4013_11
S4005 S4005_1
S4005 S4005_2
S4005 S4005_3
S4005 S4005_4
S4005 S4005_5
S4005 S4005_6
S4005 S4005_7
S4005 S4005_8
S3999 S3999_1
S3999 S3999_2
S3999 S3999_3
S3999 S3999_4
S3999 S3999_5
S3999 S3999_6
S3999 S3999_7
S3999 S3999_8
S3999 S3999_9
S3999 S3999_10Hf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
41 19.7 135 74 390 370 277 0.11 37.20 13.3 4 3 VHMS Nimbus, massive unaltered dacite
7.6 20 263 13.5 78 40 41 0.08 36.80 17.9 4 3 VHMS Nimbus, massive unaltered dacite
10.3 22.9 346 161 1180 920 820 0.12 52.50 18.8 4 3 VHMS Nimbus, massive unaltered dacite
15 34 241 26 29.9 27 17.4 0.09 16.30 6.5 1 3 VHMS Nimbus, massive unaltered dacite
46 19.8 196 13 61.3 25.9 30.6 0.07 46.30 21.6 4 3 VHMS Nimbus, massive unaltered dacite
19.6 30.8 249 16.5 49.6 19.4 23.1 0.09 32.20 10.8 4 3 VHMS Nimbus, massive unaltered dacite
12.2 37.6 469 18.5 107 62 72 0.12 62.90 21.3 4 3 VHMS Nimbus, massive unaltered dacite
7.7 27.3 437 23 210 174 161 0.19 46.40 15.1 4 3 VHMS Nimbus, massive unaltered dacite
10.8 18.6 243 12.5 77 36.1 37 0.19 44.40 15.4 4 3 VHMS Nimbus, massive unaltered dacite
6.9 25.8 640 14.5 80 50 47 0.08 51.30 18.0 4 3 VHMS Nimbus, massive unaltered dacite
15.2 8.44 152 10.5 50.2 36.2 34.1 0.01 14.00 7.5 4 3 VHMS Nimbus, massive unaltered dacite
15.8 11.9 229 15 94 65 59 0.07 28.00 13.6 4 3 VHMS Nimbus, massive unaltered dacite
7.3 22.9 264 170 690 610 530 0.24 33.40 10.7 4 3 VHMS Nimbus, massive unaltered dacite
10 16.7 145 18 34.6 17.8 22.9 0.05 22.70 7.0 4 3 VHMS Nimbus, massive unaltered dacite
0.95 198 13.1 8.5 33.4 20.1 16.1 0.07 1.90 9.0 1 3 lamprophyre Kalgoorlie
1.2 165 9.5 21.5 38.8 27.1 20.7 0.04 1.52 7.1 1 3 lamprophyre Kalgoorlie
2.7 462 21.2 14 13.7 6.9 5.2 0.08 0.54 3.0 1 3 lamprophyre Kalgoorlie
4.6 54.6 102 48 146 176 173 0.05 5.40 2.1 1 3 lamprophyre Kalgoorlie
0.722 15.66 450 0.46 0 0 0 0.01 0.01 1.4 1 5 pegmatite Queensland, Air Motor Sn Mine
1.415 25.97 6050 0.79 0 0 0 0.01 0.00 1.8 1 5 pegmatite Queensland, Air Motor Sn Mine
1.426 19.77 528 0.32 0 0 0 0.01 0.00 1.4 1 5 pegmatite Queensland, Air Motor Sn Mine
1.89 15.07 437 0.65 0.7 0.56 0.52 0.01 0.01 1.1 1 5 pegmatite Queensland, Air Motor Sn Mine
2.21 76.5 10180 147 267.00  274 291 3.20 0.13 8.9 1 5 pegmatite Queensland, Air Motor Sn Mine
2.42 27.7 2270 21.7 37.8 40.2 37.2 0.51 0.22 3.2 1 5 pegmatite Queensland, Air Motor Sn Mine
3.96 95.8 13210 21.6 41.3 43.1 40.4 0.59 0.36 3.4 1 5 pegmatite Queensland, Air Motor Sn Mine
1.64 47 18470 8.42 15.9 15.91 15.6 0.45 0.47 3.4 1 5 pegmatite Queensland, Air Motor Sn Mine
0.873 46.5 1580 11.6 19.1 19.7 19 0.29 0.03 2.5 1 5 pegmatite Queensland, Air Motor Sn Mine
21.43 16.64 13950 0.55 68.5 13.7 0 0.00 0.05 37.4 2 4 Au Big Bell, pegmatite dyke
20.57 22.7 19490 2.29 64.3 14.53 1 0.01 0.04 33.8 2 4 Au Big Bell, pegmatite dyke
21.03 17.21 14380 0.6 65.1 13.12 0 0.00 0.01 36.2 2 4 Au Big Bell, pegmatite dyke
21.48 22.25 19960 0.475 62.1 12.57 0 0.01 0.01 33.6 2 4 Au Big Bell, pegmatite dyke
20.46 14.84 14360 0.425 65.7 13.29 0 0.01 0.02 35.3 2 4 Au Big Bell, pegmatite dyke
21.05 18.06 19550 0.92 74.1 14.78 0 0.01 0.05 39.3 2 4 Au Big Bell, pegmatite dyke
20.26 18.54 17050 1.86 63.7 14.17 1.27 0.02 0.16 32.9 2 4 Au Big Bell, pegmatite dyke
20.1 20.42 16690 3.26 77.6 18.1 2.77 0.01 0.32 37.2 2 4 Au Big Bell, pegmatite dyke
35.53 484.9 766 0.42 30.91 2.408 0 0.01 0.00 61.0 7 1 pegmatite Yinnietharra, SE corner
35.1 467.8 748 1.71 33.8 4.61 2.61 0.01 0.01 61.0 7 1 pegmatite Yinnietharra, SE corner
35.31 466.8 751 0.425 30.28 2.438 0.117 0.01 0.00 60.0 7 1 pegmatite Yinnietharra, SE corner
35.11 473.1 759 0.4 30.11 2.333 0.015 0.01 0.02 57.1 7 1 pegmatite Yinnietharra, SE corner
35.24 488.3 760 0.7 33.6 3.52 1.13 0.01 0.01 59.6 7 1 pegmatite Yinnietharra, SE corner
34.1 469.3 754 1.53 35.4 4.63 2.23 0.01 0.003 60.1 7 1 pegmatite Yinnietharra, SE corner
36.28 489 788 0.7 31.76 2.57 0 0.01 0.002 60.6 7 1 pegmatite Yinnietharra, SE corner
34.4 484.9 775 2.44 38.8 5.24 2.85 0.01 0.003 62.6 7 1 pegmatite Yinnietharra, SE corner
34.5 463.9 754 0.65 32.51 2.73 0 0.01 0.003 62.3 7 1 pegmatite Yinnietharra, SE corner
35.6 482.3 750 0.47 31.13 2.478 0 0.01 0.003 60.5 7 1 pegmatite Yinnietharra, SE cornerAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 273Appendix C Table 1 Page 27 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
S1118 S1118_1 218 2800 7470 2.0 40.5 2210 458 1.41 212800 1.92 3.59 40.2 4.30 2320 473000 11.99 20930 2.11
S1118 S1118_2 227 2754 7470 2.3 31 2340 472 1.78 218200 2.34 3.18 36.5 11.40 2730 491000 11.83 22180 1.6
S1118 S1118_3 193.8 3470 8340 3.3 40 2651 493 1.86 229900 2.25 4.02 19 29.60 2881 511000 12.42 23400 2.17
S1118 S1118_4 157.2 2307 6570 2.1 40.5 1519 460.8 5 190200 1.95 2.65 12.7 1.32 1666 415400 10.58 18340 1.42
S1118 S1118_5 177.3 2204 8360 2.5 50 2889 501 2.89 237600 2.56 3.08 37.5 13.10 3141 535000 12.66 23900 2.31
S1118 S1118_6 195.4 2720 8110 1.4 42.5 2689 481.5 2.29 222400 2.11 3.25 22 0.44 2876 524000 13.19 22520 1.54
S1118 S1118_7 157.1 2125 7380 1.7 31.5 1179 506.7 2.15 189900 2.09 2.85 14.9 20.30 1293 407400 11.58 18100 2.37
S1118 S1118_8 395 4430 10060 5.7 341 5200 423 2.72 335000 3.86 3.9 194 228.00 7340 745000 14.26 35300 5.42
S1118 S1118_9 154 2348 7140 1.3 27 1167 508 2.5 187900 2.16 2.72 10.26 2.01 1360 399500 11.54 20330 1.69
S1118 S1118_10 201.1 2669 7290 2.2 35.5 2614 494 1.89 229200 2.28 3.23 10.1 0.54 2876 520000 12.16 22330 1.34
S2333A S2333A_1 178 3270 7910 1.7 61 184 1239 11.6 106800 4.1 4.33 22.6 17.60 159 121500 3.73 26540 13.35
S2333A S2333A_2 159 3100 7700 8.2 30 57.4 1425 19.6 107100 4.02 4.85 23.8 5.60 134.2 126000 4.50 25400 11.73
S2333A S2333A_3 178 3620 7510 2.9 32.5 39.2 1178 11.52 104700 4.19 3.5 146 16.30 98.9 112200 0.90 30500 10.3
S2333A S2333A_4 157.9 6600 11700 4.1 35.5 107 1156 16.89 129200 8.2 5.12 737 41.20 194 142300 5.34 63700 12.45
S2333A S2333A_5 160 2770 7030 3.0 25.5 47.9 1480 52.9 108500 7.72 7.43 261 11.50 108.5 98600 19.00 37000 13.48
S2333A S2333A_6 275 3840 9910 4.3 44 501 1514 70.1 137300 6.9 11.8 683 52.80 502 267000 6.11 34600 13.53
S3161 S3161_1 106.3 414 3860 2.0 18 3.64 826 116.7 3029 0.164 3.18 8.8 0.10 43.87 1293 0.70 127.5 7.58
S3161 S3161_2 106.6 714 3740 1.9 19 3.92 823 116.1 2635 0.131 3.06 7.59 0.10 44.37 1317 0.66 125.3 7.34
S3161 S3161_3 107.5 366 3733 1.8 18 3.96 812 115.4 2997 0.15 2.74 7.49 0.11 45.25 1307 0.59 126.8 7.45
S3161 S3161_4 112.5 1500 3770 1.6 20.5 3.83 836 116.1 2791 0.157 3.29 14.6 0.12 44.3 1290 0.68 126.7 7.42
S3161 S3161_5 107.3 648 3560 1.8 19.5 3.84 816 115.4 2651 0.18 3.31 7 0.12 44.29 1306 0.64 125.7 7.43
S3161 S3161_6 101.9 490 3730 1.2 13.5 3.86 810 113.8 2736 0.128 2.59 7.63 0.14 44.16 1294 0.56 119.6 7.1
S3161 S3161_7 115.1 1500 3710 1.4 18 3.93 813 119.7 3007 0.155 2.93 8.65 0.15 43.78 1319 0.52 124.8 7.41
S3161 S3161_8 102.4 680 3620 1.7 14 4.04 812 114.4 2702 0.13328 2.73 7.16 0.14 44.68 1282 0.61 117.7 6.91
S3161 S3161_9 100.4 1240 3640 1.6 15 4.03 814 115.2 2781 0.137 2.62 7.68 0.13 44.28 1303 0.67 119.8 7.06
S3161 S3161_10 101 756 3650 1.5 18.5 3.86 808 115 2496 0.156 2.87 7.1 0.13 45.11 1277 0.57 122.1 7.12
S3161 S3161_11 97 1670 3780 1.5 13.5 3.94 825 114.4 2784 0.102 2.58 7.33 0.17 45.87 1292 0.61 121.3 7.01
S3161 S3161_12 98.4 591 3575 2.0 17.5 3.89 806 111.4 2649 0.104 2.61 6.4 0.10 46.53 1270 0.66 118 7
S3161 S3161_13 103 289 3800 1.9 16.5 3.88 797 118.2 2993 0.301 2.93 7.45 0.11 44.68 1298 0.66 123.8 7.14
S3161 S3161_14 95.2 1690 3720 1.8 17.5 3.86 801 114.2 2617 0.124 2.57 6.6 0.24 45.31 1289 0.62 117.4 6.76
S473 S473_1 93.4 708 5500 1.7 26 96.8 531 1.98 121500 1.57 2.89 10.1 0.17 175.1 212200 2.03 14750 48.5
S473 S473_2 92.5 660 5870 1.7 27 145 505 1.93 132200 1.98 3 10.5 0.32 269 236300 3.25 16370 73.8
S473 S473_3 148.3 1121 7130 3.7 30.5 1460 468 0.8 254000 3.54 3.24 63.7 2.14 2230 500000 2.97 30200 33.7
S473 S473_4 99.9 820 5410 1.7 31 296 511 1.02 153600 2.31 3.31 14.6 0.56 479 275000 7.77 19500 31
S473 S473_5 430 11800 24900 1.6 44.5 1185 506 3.36 214000 4.17 13.7 170 21.10 1880 470000 8.05 33400 104.3
S473 S473_6 105.7 837 5560 2.2 25.5 136.5 525 1.64 122800 1.58 2.99 13.7 0.36 217 223800 1.74 17320 67.6
S473 S473_7 125.4 1440 6430 2.7 34.5 174 484.7 0.8 141800 2.39 3.52 17.8 0.44 455 266100 0.55 23870 80.7
S473 S473_8 142.1 1224 6460 3.2 49 760 466 0.75 210000 2.97 3.21 43.6 5.40 1580 438000 8.93 31800 87.8
S400 S400_1 137.4 2330 6710 2.3 31 78.9 991 9.6 92800 11.24 4.65 9.55 0.43 364 156800 2.38 9180 0.23
S400 S400_2 182 3030 8060 2.1 77 370 951 42.3 129700 16.2 7.2 49.4 5.92 1560 265000 14.84 11220 0.92
S400 S400_3 111.9 1191 4940 2.0 14.5 35.3 908 1.92 84800 5.93 3.81 10.9 0.14 172.8 135200 0.16 6410 0.362
S400 S400_4 133.1 2440 5390 2.6 30 176 868 2.05 104400 8.29 3.38 8.7 0.25 692 199900 8.83 8250 1.01
S400 S400_5 117.5 2240 5080 2.6 36.5 119.1 863 3.19 98300 7.8 3.21 8.11 0.18 487 181800 5.84 8390 0.9
S400 S400_6 184.5 2900 5740 2.0 32 328 883 11.6 119400 10.76 4.29 8.01 1.02 1174 247400 4.97 9790 1.08
S400 S400_7 187 3350 6440 1.7 26 257 870 26.3 109600 10.79 5.22 15.6 2.74 996 203500 10.09 9770 1.03274 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 28 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
S1118 S1118_1
S1118 S1118_2
S1118 S1118_3
S1118 S1118_4
S1118 S1118_5
S1118 S1118_6
S1118 S1118_7
S1118 S1118_8
S1118 S1118_9
S1118 S1118_10
S2333A S2333A_1
S2333A S2333A_2
S2333A S2333A_3
S2333A S2333A_4
S2333A S2333A_5
S2333A S2333A_6
S3161 S3161_1
S3161 S3161_2
S3161 S3161_3
S3161 S3161_4
S3161 S3161_5
S3161 S3161_6
S3161 S3161_7
S3161 S3161_8
S3161 S3161_9
S3161 S3161_10
S3161 S3161_11
S3161 S3161_12
S3161 S3161_13
S3161 S3161_14
S473 S473_1
S473 S473_2
S473 S473_3
S473 S473_4
S473 S473_5
S473 S473_6
S473 S473_7
S473 S473_8
S400 S400_1
S400 S400_2
S400 S400_3
S400 S400_4
S400 S400_5
S400 S400_6
S400 S400_7Hf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
540 136200 2420 40 141 56 51 5.80 41 263.0 5 7 pegmatite Ampangabe, Madagascar
612 142600 2600 36.7 188.9 49.7 40.3 7.76 64 471.0 5 7 pegmatite Ampangabe, Madagascar
626 143800 2917 186 435 244 242 6.02 204 632.0 5 7 pegmatite Ampangabe, Madagascar
431 131700 1904 11.3 95 20.1 15.5 3.90 9.10 247.0 5 7 pegmatite Ampangabe, Madagascar
673 146100 3039 70 282 89.6 80.1 7.29 99 660.0 5 7 pegmatite Ampangabe, Madagascar
643 144100 2686 1.05 183 12.07 0.018 0.05 0.06 624.0 5 7 pegmatite Ampangabe, Madagascar
371.4 133200 2055 33.7 85.8 44.9 44.9 2.50 109.30 143.4 5 7 pegmatite Ampangabe, Madagascar
1476 175700 5090 615 946 776 777 9.23 2070 741.0 5 7 pegmatite Ampangabe, Madagascar
392 134900 1929 10.2 80.5 14.9 9.6 3.31 8.60 174.0 5 7 pegmatite Ampangabe, Madagascar
630 144400 2851 1.1 188.2 13.36 0.44 0.04 0.88 644.0 5 7 pegmatite Ampangabe, Madagascar
110 300000 790 267 403 337 369 10.11 6.50 34.4 5 7 pegmatite Poona
92.9 249400 902 143 256 189 198 5.52 8.10 15.6 5 7 pegmatite Poona
76.9 234000 556 500 780 640 780 2.43 24.20 90.0 5 7 pegmatite Poona
116.2 267500 1264 1350 2700 2250 2400 4.75 43.80 124.0 5 7 pegmatite Poona
67.9 216300 689 263 610 433 371 7.18 27.40 34.5 5 7 pegmatite Poona
232 307100 3150 110 343 224 209 9.54 30.40 41.8 5 7 pegmatite Poona
2.5 71.9 272.8 0.39 0.30 0.02 0.02 0.00 0.00 1.8 1 5 pegmatite Queensland, Wolfram Field
2.34 72.5 269.7 0.46 0.27 0.02 0.01 0.00 0.00 1.7 1 5 pegmatite Queensland, Wolfram Field
2.47 74 279.8 0.35 0.26 0.02 0.01 0.00 0.00 1.8 1 5 pegmatite Queensland, Wolfram Field
2.61 72.7 272.1 0.50 0.22 0.02 0.01 0.00 0.00 1.8 1 5 pegmatite Queensland, Wolfram Field
2.51 72.4 275.5 0.31 0.23 0.02 0.01 0.00 0.00 1.8 1 5 pegmatite Queensland, Wolfram Field
2.5 72.3 264.6 0.46 0.23 0.02 0.01 0.00 0.04 1.8 1 5 pegmatite Queensland, Wolfram Field
2.41 73.6 271.7 0.26 0.27 0.02 0.03 0.00 0.03 1.8 1 5 pegmatite Queensland, Wolfram Field
2.45 73.1 260.7 0.35 0.22 0.03 0.02 0.00 0.01 1.7 1 5 pegmatite Queensland, Wolfram Field
2.6 72.1 262.8 0.46 0.27 0.02 0.01 0.00 0.01 1.8 1 5 pegmatite Queensland, Wolfram Field
2.57 73 265.5 0.37 0.26 0.02 0.01 0.00 0.00 1.8 1 5 pegmatite Queensland, Wolfram Field
2.56 74.3 263.6 0.27 0.27 0.02 0.01 0.00 0.02 1.8 1 5 pegmatite Queensland, Wolfram Field
2.56 74.3 264.2 0.38 0.23 0.02 0.01 0.00 0.00 1.8 1 5 pegmatite Queensland, Wolfram Field
2.5 72.8 268.9 0.32 0.28 0.01 0.02 0.00 0.00 1.8 1 5 pegmatite Queensland, Wolfram Field
2.55 74.4 259.8 0.38 0.27 0.02 0.01 0.00 0.05 1.9 1 5 pegmatite Queensland, Wolfram Field
123.7 120400 490 0.7 3.02 1.37 1.2 0.01 0.03 5.1 5 7 pegmatite Mt. Tsaramanga, Madagascar
165.9 124600 632 2.51 7.26 3.25 2.88 0.01 0.03 11.9 5 7 pegmatite Mt. Tsaramanga, Madagascar
797 172900 3660 54.6 139 98 92 5.71 0.85 168.0 5 7 pegmatite Mt. Tsaramanga, Madagascar
251 134500 1210 6.8 26.3 14.4 13 0.02 0.41 23.8 5 7 pegmatite Mt. Tsaramanga, Madagascar
620 156500 3110 125 385 318 313 13.07 3.25 275.0 5 7 pegmatite Mt. Tsaramanga, Madagascar
134.4 118100 555 4.8 19.2 13.5 13.4 0.02 0.19 13.7 5 7 pegmatite Mt. Tsaramanga, Madagascar
240 131400 843 14.8 38 33.6 33.9 1.08 0.30 13.6 5 7 pegmatite Mt. Tsaramanga, Madagascar
607 163300 2460 45.4 144 113 112 3.20 0.93 112.0 5 7 pegmatite Mt. Tsaramanga, Madagascar
101.7 174400 1290 12.8 72 41 31.7 1.69 1.59 15.6 5 7 pegmatite Monger's Lake, South Yalgoo
292 203500 3680 14.3 104 47.8 34.9 3.16 7.00 28.2 5 7 pegmatite Monger's Lake, South Yalgoo
59.4 155300 697 0.93 7 2.44 1.1 0.00 0.33 1.7 5 7 pegmatite Monger's Lake, South Yalgoo
146 167800 2390 1.2 10.48 3.09 1.18 0.04 0.48 4.0 5 7 pegmatite Monger's Lake, South Yalgoo
119.6 162800 2058 0.435 7.31 2.5 1.33 0.03 0.54 2.1 5 7 pegmatite Monger's Lake, South Yalgoo
228.7 194800 3410 4.3 41.1 15.3 8.9 0.44 1.80 15.5 5 7 pegmatite Monger's Lake, South Yalgoo
200.5 178000 2837 8.2 68.1 26.6 16.9 1.01 4.09 19.7 5 7 pegmatite Monger's Lake, South YalgooAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 275Appendix C Table 1 Page 29 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
S400 S400_8 150.3 2810 7360 2.8 133 115 948 20.6 86600 13.3 6.84 21.4 7.20 475 143900 8.27 8270 0.457
S396 S396_1 106.4 173.5 3750 1.8 17.5 127.7 5170 458.1 6620 0.199 2.92 8.35 0.23 308.5 491 3.19 44.6 13120
S396 S396_2 105.2 177.3 3790 1.6 20 140.3 5270 512.8 6990 0.116 2.86 9.35 0.40 308.1 478 3.07 43.7 12860
S396 S396_3 98.7 186 3800 1.4 15 135.2 5380 512 5690 0.241 3.78 7.88 2.17 298.4 485 3.07 41.3 12170
S396 S396_4 100.5 172 3582 1.6 16.5 61.8 4166 369.5 5420 0.39 4.13 9.48 1.07 308.9 496.7 4.45 39 10870
S396 S396_5 96.9 155.9 3587 1.7 17.5 61.2 3990 374.9 5035 0.109 2.85 8.64 0.56 317.4 461.6 3.61 39.5 10940
S396 S396_6 95 147 3570 1.7 20 59.9 3980 454.7 5330 0.166 2.96 8.6 0.61 308.3 490 3.47 38.6 10890
S396 S396_7 106.6 248 3470 1.9 52 60.4 4180 434.9 5130 0.92 10 20.1 0.62 300 507 7.70 41.9 11860
S396 S396_8 94.7 155.2 3300 1.1 15.5 61.6 3942 383.8 5394 0.202 3.14 9.2 0.30 310.3 451 3.46 40.1 11350
S396 S396_9 110.9 285 3790 2.1 28 66.4 4530 299.5 7490 0.179 3.46 8.62 0.94 345.6 502 3.52 42.1 13420
S396 S396_10 120.7 389.4 3670 1.8 18.5 67.6 4520 272.3 13590 0.123 2.6 16.07 0.11 346.1 515 3.52 39.5 13080
S396 S396_11 122.6 512 3720 1.4 19 67.6 4450 285.1 10130 0.246 12.9 16 0.26 332.7 493 4.96 38.7 12740
S396 S396_12 113.5 565 3630 1.3 18 66.4 4430 275.5 10720 0.133 3.04 13.7 0.12 335.6 518 3.60 38.3 12430
S396 S396_13 102 192.4 3720 1.4 18 190.2 4686 570.3 5612 0.098 2.52 5.63 0.32 320.8 447.7 4.24 37.1 11900
S396 S396_14 106.9 209.1 3610 2.0 15.5 165.1 4750 441.7 7190 0.129 2.73 8.43 0.12 313.3 479 3.42 38.6 13990
S396 S396_15 100.1 188.7 3770 1.9 22 125.8 5415 475.5 5510 0.093 2.55 8.63 0.73 310.4 488 3.17 38.9 12680
S396 S396_16 117.5 295 3790 1.8 84 141.5 5190 524.7 6670 0.404 8.2 8.42 0.76 301.5 462 8.40 42 14950
S396 S396_17 104.7 205.6 3617 1.7 15.5 165.3 5187 472.5 8220 0.114 2.68 9.38 0.32 311.5 474.7 3.79 37.9 14080
S394 S394_1 520 1486 6820 0.7 28 1260 113.2 1.98 159800 4.51 2.98 117 0.18 1010 409000 33.80 43600 4.28
S394 S394_2 439 1422 6760 2.6 24.5 843 118.1 2.7 162600 7.24 5.98 234 1.22 728 331000 33.50 57900 4.65
S394 S394_3 536 1564 7160 3.6 28.5 2130 119.5 1.96 169700 9.89 8.11 296 2.40 2290 398000 70.50 81700 3.64
S394 S394_4 541 3200 6220 2.5 23 1780 105.8 2.04 161300 4.91 2.96 81.1 0.16 1397 384000 62.10 49900 2.08
S394 S394_5 449 1900 6230 2.5 27 1185 123.4 1.9 155100 5.18 4.59 143 1.07 1200 360000 60.80 51100 2.64
S394 S394_6 786 3180 13460 2.5 55 4410 119.2 5.76 235000 12.31 17.7 897 9.60 3860 507000 89.60 83900 7.03
S394 S394_7 480 3040 9400 2.7 56 1045 127.6 7.8 156300 5.5 8.73 143 1.31 993 304000 55.20 32700 2.41
S394 S394_8 869 6380 19300 3.9 229 4530 135.3 12.8 239800 19.9 22.2 1093 21.00 4410 565000 101.50 77700 6.11
S394 S394_9 920 2840 8210 2.5 27.5 2940 114.6 2.87 220000 5.26 4.45 206 0.52 2580 644000 50.20 47600 5.07
MDC2414 MDC2414_1 98.4 275.4 3820 2.3 17 72.5 897 107.3 27010 0.31 3.21 7.69 0.13 425.9 38400 23.85 703 39.2
MDC2414 MDC2414_2 100.6 304.8 3960 2.1 17.5 77.7 913 102.6 27840 0.213 3.15 8.5 0.12 426.5 37670 24.96 728 36.6
MDC2414 MDC2414_3 105.3 261.6 3930 1.6 24 74.4 863 104.6 28160 0.621 4.18 7.78 0.49 427.7 36900 22.81 773 38.9
MDC2414 MDC2414_4 151 315 4210 1.4 16.5 78.9 893 103.8 35000 0.356 4.2 13.4 0.32 445.6 40000 24.00 793 43.1
MDC2414 MDC2414_5 111.8 339 7400 1.6 20 57.9 933 117.6 25840 0.83 4.4 10.5 0.67 300 38900 15.30 570 73
MDC2414 MDC2414_6 105.2 317.2 4010 1.5 18 78.4 923 98.7 26780 0.258 3.11 8.2 0.11 434.4 38600 23.98 763 41.1
MDC2414 MDC2414_7 102.8 332.4 3890 1.6 23 76 916 96.8 26740 0.281 4.03 8 0.11 413 38920 23.81 752 37.3
MDC2414 MDC2414_8 97.9 341.8 4090 1.6 20 79.1 915 98 28260 0.268 2.85 8.3 0.12 427.9 39160 24.44 781 37.2
MDC2414 MDC2414_9 93 353 3960 1.7 24 82.5 932 86.1 29080 0.241 3.09 7.52 0.12 446.5 41890 22.87 783 37.2
MDC2414 MDC2414_10 92.3 344.1 3960 1.7 17.5 77.7 911 86.6 27710 0.199 2.87 7.1 0.13 427 40710 22.38 753 41.9
MDC2414 MDC2414_11 95.4 309.5 4020 1.8 17.5 83.4 908 85.6 26410 0.56 2.8 5.96 0.14 482 39630 22.53 658 29.8
MDC2414 MDC2414_12 93.4 355.6 3980 1.8 18.5 77.5 904 90.3 28020 0.229 3.92 7.24 0.13 424 39700 22.91 779 37.8
MDC2414 MDC2414_13 95.8 308 4050 1.6 20.5 80.3 961 89.4 27980 0.222 3.16 8.3 0.13 437.9 40900 23.20 785 37.7
MDC2414 MDC2414_14 96 291.1 4320 1.3 15 81 989 91.2 27840 0.286 2.95 7.15 0.14 437.9 40180 23.13 771 38.8
MDC2414 MDC2414_15 89 297.9 3900 2.0 21 78.7 908 96.8 28150 0.19 3.08 7.38 0.13 426.9 38250 24.06 767 38.1
MDC2414 MDC2414_16 90.7 320.1 4180 2.2 22 79.1 907 95.8 26880 0.322 2.8 7.52 0.15 423.9 39000 23.66 778 37.7
MDC2414 MDC2414_17 91.8 301.8 4260 1.6 16.5 79.2 973 104.7 29110 0.319 3.55 7.22 0.14 470.2 42200 20.95 818 40.2
MDC2369 MDC2369_1 101.8 66.3 3870 1.5 16 206.6 1225 99.5 3357 0.235 2.53 7.32 0.26 337 4585 5.00 678 14.3276 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 30 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
S400 S400_8
S396 S396_1
S396 S396_2
S396 S396_3
S396 S396_4
S396 S396_5
S396 S396_6
S396 S396_7
S396 S396_8
S396 S396_9
S396 S396_10
S396 S396_11
S396 S396_12
S396 S396_13
S396 S396_14
S396 S396_15
S396 S396_16
S396 S396_17
S394 S394_1
S394 S394_2
S394 S394_3
S394 S394_4
S394 S394_5
S394 S394_6
S394 S394_7
S394 S394_8
S394 S394_9
MDC2414 MDC2414_1
MDC2414 MDC2414_2
MDC2414 MDC2414_3
MDC2414 MDC2414_4
MDC2414 MDC2414_5
MDC2414 MDC2414_6
MDC2414 MDC2414_7
MDC2414 MDC2414_8
MDC2414 MDC2414_9
MDC2414 MDC2414_10
MDC2414 MDC2414_11
MDC2414 MDC2414_12
MDC2414 MDC2414_13
MDC2414 MDC2414_14
MDC2414 MDC2414_15
MDC2414 MDC2414_16
MDC2414 MDC2414_17
MDC2369 MDC2369_1Hf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
115.2 159500 1312 10.9 71.3 34.5 24.8 2.71 4.07 14.5 5 7 pegmatite Monger's Lake, South Yalgoo
17.79 18.81 12680 0.245 82.8 16.74 0.046 0.01 0.02 44.6 2 4 Au Big Bell
17.18 15.89 12970 0.285 81.8 16.4 0.0125 0.01 0.01 44.1 2 4 Au Big Bell
16.71 15.22 12570 0.3 78.9 15.93 0.393 0.01 0.11 43.7 2 4 Au Big Bell
17.84 20.83 10360 1.29 57.4 13 2.06 0.01 0.11 30.2 2 4 Au Big Bell
18.19 19.65 10230 1.16 55.9 12.15 1 0.00 0.09 30.6 2 4 Au Big Bell
17.53 20.05 10310 0.73 55.3 11.56 0.84 0.00 0.02 30.8 2 4 Au Big Bell
17.22 20.44 10650 7.6 73.6 28 16.8 0.01 0.55 30.7 2 4 Au Big Bell
17.58 18.58 10210 0.42 58.1 12.38 0.79 0.01 0.09 31.1 2 4 Au Big Bell
18.92 26.56 16250 0.85 67.1 14.68 0.32 0.00 0.01 31.2 2 4 Au Big Bell
19.43 26.98 16650 0.55 63.7 13.56 0.084 0.00 0.01 30.8 2 4 Au Big Bell
19.41 25.81 16430 5.5 70 22.3 7.88 0.01 5.07 30.5 2 4 Au Big Bell
19.51 25.99 16550 0.6 60.3 13.07 0.0178 0.00 0.01 30.1 2 4 Au Big Bell
18.25 15.81 13160 0.6 79.5 17.7 0.9 0.01 0.03 44.4 2 4 Au Big Bell
18.33 17.14 13260 0.55 88.7 18.71 0.012 0.01 0.00 45.6 2 4 Au Big Bell
17.65 18.89 12810 0.55 85.8 18.43 0.136 0.01 0.02 42.7 2 4 Au Big Bell
16.76 17.76 13310 6.4 101.9 29 8.2 0.01 0.55 44.3 2 4 Au Big Bell
17.87 17.73 13370 0.5 88.1 18.7 0.025 0.01 0.01 44.3 2 4 Au Big Bell
215 105000 5910 0.8 91 26.6 0.6 0.03 0.03 19.3 5 7 pegmatite Harrison's Reward
157.7 95600 3650 6.9 114.5 37.6 11.1 1.47 2.31 20.5 5 7 pegmatite Harrison's Reward
327 109700 8920 16.8 324 86.5 21.38 0.05 3.76 119.8 5 7 pegmatite Harrison's Reward
221.1 102700 6250 0.95 116.8 28.6 0.141 0.02 0.00 46.7 5 7 pegmatite Harrison's Reward
208.8 103900 5430 7 135.7 40 7.6 0.05 1.21 37.6 5 7 pegmatite Harrison's Reward
445 118700 14720 46 869 229 64.6 3.29 10.33 328.0 5 7 pegmatite Harrison's Reward
165.4 90200 3790 9.7 196 55.9 11.9 1.47 2.52 56.7 5 7 pegmatite Harrison's Reward
509 117300 16400 65.8 1097 299 93.1 8.05 18.00 372.0 5 7 pegmatite Harrison's Reward
428 126900 12600 3.3 159 42.7 4.45 0.02 1.39 56.7 5 7 pegmatite Harrison's Reward
51.8 6040 12610 0.55 87.9 6.99 0.01 0.02 0.00 162.6 5 6 pegmatite Yinnietharra, 15 m E of Woolshed
52.2 6250 12870 0.6 90.9 7.23 0.0135 0.02 0.00 167.1 5 6 pegmatite Yinnietharra, 15 m E of Woolshed
52.2 6157 12650 0.98 80.6 7.74 1.506 0.02 0.03 164.0 5 6 pegmatite Yinnietharra, 15 m E of Woolshed
56.6 6810 12720 1.24 83.3 8.45 1.96 0.02 0.05 159.3 5 6 pegmatite Yinnietharra, 15 m E of Woolshed
39.3 8960 8300 1.28 50.7 6.4 2.2 0.02 0.09 115.0 5 6 pegmatite Yinnietharra, 15 m E of Woolshed
56.6 6870 12960 0.405 76.2 6.36 0.054 0.02 0.00 167.4 5 6 pegmatite Yinnietharra, 15 m E of Woolshed
53.9 6650 12220 1.33 73.9 6.34 0.41 0.02 0.01 153.9 5 6 pegmatite Yinnietharra, 15 m E of Woolshed
54.9 6820 12810 0.48 82.3 6.7 0.009 0.02 0.00 174.2 5 6 pegmatite Yinnietharra, 15 m E of Woolshed
61.7 7230 12380 0.375 82.5 6.5 0.039 0.02 0.00 182.2 5 6 pegmatite Yinnietharra, 15 m E of Woolshed
58.1 6880 12110 0.41 78.8 6.38 0.0145 0.02 0.00 174.9 5 6 pegmatite Yinnietharra, 15 m E of Woolshed
61.1 5870 11960 0.27 70.7 6.36 0.52 0.02 0.00 186.3 5 6 pegmatite Yinnietharra, 15 m E of Woolshed
56.8 6540 12380 0.445 79.6 6.32 0.0288 0.02 0.00 172.9 5 6 pegmatite Yinnietharra, 15 m E of Woolshed
59.3 6700 12760 0.33 81.9 6.47 0.0115 0.02 0.00 184.2 5 6 pegmatite Yinnietharra, 15 m E of Woolshed
57.7 6360 12380 0.48 77.7 6.28 0.012 0.02 0.00 177.3 5 6 pegmatite Yinnietharra, 15 m E of Woolshed
55.7 6850 12490 0.6 79.8 6.43 0.0105 0.02 0.00 173.5 5 6 pegmatite Yinnietharra, 15 m E of Woolshed
55.5 6350 12080 0.5 78.1 6.21 0.038 0.03 0.00 170.6 5 6 pegmatite Yinnietharra, 15 m E of Woolshed
59.7 7570 11580 0.34 64.8 5.25 0.009 0.02 0.00 145.3 5 6 pegmatite Yinnietharra, 15 m E of Woolshed
21.3 218.6 676 3.7 7.11 1.92 1.74 0.00 0.04 10.5 1 5 pegmatite YinnietharraAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 277Appendix C Table 1 Page 31 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
MDC2369 MDC2369_2 95.5 73.7 3858 1.6 11.5 207.3 1212 99.6 3195 0.233 2.45 6.45 0.39 326.7 4641 4.85 645 16.45
MDC2369 MDC2369_3 94.5 76.3 3684 1.6 15.5 211.3 1214 99.5 3267 0.186 2.51 6.38 0.12 339.2 4604 5.14 659 13.13
MDC2369 MDC2369_4 89.8 18.2 3659 1.4 16 210.7 1212 99.4 3364 0.172 2.67 6.5 0.13 336.1 4633 4.60 656 13.43
MDC2369 MDC2369_5 94.8 71.3 3510 1.5 18 200.1 1217 99.7 3284 0.258 2.89 7.11 0.50 319.3 4560 5.05 728 15.58
MDC2369 MDC2369_6 89.1 74.4 3590 1.4 12 202.9 1248 102 3500 0.214 3.32 7.57 0.15 319.7 4610 4.96 697 13.72
MDC2369 MDC2369_7 94.4 82.6 3460 1.6 14.5 200.5 1228 105 3532 0.263 2.99 8.83 0.22 318.7 4710 4.92 719 15.76
MDC2369 MDC2369_8 91.6 40.8 3400 1.7 12.5 194.8 1214 102.2 3294 0.181 3.07 9.8 0.60 303.4 4640 4.96 690 16.72
MDC2369 MDC2369_9 90.9 93.6 3430 1.8 16.5 204 1200 99.5 3277 0.227 2.66 7.12 0.12 334 4671 5.30 690 13.87
MDC2369 MDC2369_10 93.6 94.9 3360 1.7 16 203.2 1197 100.9 3398 0.163 2.77 7.64 0.11 329.5 4675 4.64 669 13.45
MDC82 MDC82_1 95.4 113 3560 1.9 18.5 110 8720 41.7 2579 0.159 2.97 7.58 0.14 376 343.2 1.82 79.6 8100
MDC82 MDC82_2 95.3 132.7 3420 1.7 37 111.6 8880 29.3 2642 0.233 3.83 8.96 4.90 352.2 355 1.66 77.8 8230
MDC82 MDC82_3 94.4 173.5 3420 1.7 18 134.2 11170 15.92 4980 0.156 3.24 8 0.40 441.9 413 1.83 75.5 7860
MDC82 MDC82_4 97.6 102.5 3630 1.6 13 110 8520 47.6 2163 0.241 3.52 8.7 1.88 378.2 340 1.64 81.2 7980
MDC82 MDC82_5 105.4 176.9 3700 1.7 17 123.3 10240 32 8450 0.12 2.53 9.85 0.73 406.8 424 1.92 75.5 8800
MDC82 MDC82_6 101.6 201.4 3820 1.3 15.5 158.2 12480 19.98 10180 0.14 2.59 10.19 0.90 462 430.1 1.95 79.3 7920
MDC82 MDC82_7 99.1 172.6 3820 0.6 16 150.9 12190 17.87 4272 0.148 3.07 8.38 1.31 432.7 415.2 2.04 78.6 8310
MDC82 MDC82_8 105 219.4 3510 1.5 18.5 156.9 12850 17.72 8790 0.164 3.02 8.44 0.36 468 443 1.96 81 7990
MDC82 MDC82_9 96 158.3 3660 1.2 16 147.8 12690 19.32 4377 0.148 2.81 8.5 0.28 453.6 429.3 1.74 78.1 7760
MDC82 MDC82_10 92.9 155.6 3510 1.3 16.5 149.5 11860 18.31 4090 0.129 2.73 7.44 0.71 451.5 416.2 1.73 76.8 7200
MDC82 MDC82_11 93.6 175.8 3930 1.1 16 140.8 12340 23.36 4312 0.233 3.07 8.3 0.38 418 430 1.70 85.7 10960
MDC82 MDC82_12 88.8 180.8 3510 1.7 21.5 120.5 11530 39.2 4170 0.181 2.81 7.26 0.61 397 413 1.74 79.5 8360
MDC82 MDC82_13 91.1 191.9 3640 3.5 21.5 137.7 12340 47.7 4750 0.241 3.26 8.06 0.94 444.8 427 1.72 82.9 8240
MDC82 MDC82_14 88 155.6 3700 1.5 13 117.1 11220 36.6 3627 0.229 2.79 7.9 0.92 356 404 1.72 77 9790
MDC82 MDC82_15 87 186.6 3680 1.3 14 138.9 12530 34.47 4860 0.145 2.8 7.97 0.57 450 413 1.71 81.8 7710
MDC82 MDC82_16 85.3 90.5 3620 1.4 17 111.3 8800 47 1958 0.154 2.74 7.69 0.55 309.9 325.7 1.35 73.7 8700
MDC82 MDC82_17 87.2 118 3700 1.4 16 116.7 9000 38.11 2329 0.238 3.02 7.33 0.15 369.5 343.1 1.42 77 7700
MDC82 MDC82_18 90.7 102.9 3530 1.4 151 115.1 9030 46.1 2056 0.038 2.65 10.3 0.67 337.5 343.3 1.30 73.7 8230
MDC559 MDC559_1 88.7 28.62 3390 1.4 13 50.3 1680 370.1 4216 0.261 2.6 8.2 0.16 349.5 4235 3.02 1670 0.53
MDC559 MDC559_2 90.9 33.4 3530 1.3 14.5 50.17 1713 373.9 4437 0.252 2.65 7.92 0.15 360.6 4380 3.07 1736 0.498
MDC559 MDC559_3 103.5 1080 5000 1.0 290 50.3 1651 371 5100 2 4.5 11.1 6.60 357.4 4310 3.37 1800 0.604
MDC559 MDC559_4 93.8 25.35 3320 1.5 22 49.2 1665 370.1 4140 0.304 3.25 7.41 0.15 356.4 4334 3.17 1732 0.54
MDC559 MDC559_5 94.4 223 3640 1.1 18.5 51 1640 369.4 3579 0.385 3.1 7.04 0.92 357.7 4260 3.04 1686 0.629
MDC559 MDC559_6 95.7 16.89 3500 1.0 11 51.6 1706 371.3 3593 0.284 2.81 7.32 0.14 363 4368 3.13 1676 0.49
MDC559 MDC559_7 96.3 21.4 3315 1.0 69 48.5 1671 358.9 4034 0.3 2.83 7.71 0.21 335.5 4390 3.02 1678 0.67
MDC559 MDC559_8 96.7 52.6 3430 1.1 13.5 49.4 1713 366.6 4244 0.264 2.76 7.74 0.15 337.1 4520 2.90 1690 0.574
MDC559 MDC559_9 101.7 208 3570 1.5 32 49.67 1678 368.5 4318 0.328 2.89 8 0.90 340.1 4520 2.88 1703 0.77
MDC559 MDC559_10 102.1 25.8 3340 2.0 15 49.59 1708 368.3 4434 0.244 2.67 7.63 0.14 339.9 4480 3.01 1592 0.537
MDC559 MDC559_11 96.6 117 3480 2.2 16.5 49.25 1702 366.5 4177 0.346 2.86 7.49 0.20 337.3 4404 2.99 1559 0.557
MDC1005 MDC1005_1 91.4 148.7 3620 1.5 16 374.1 1095 220.7 2536 0.147 2.91 7.06 0.14 332.4 3826 11.64 521 0.796
MDC1005 MDC1005_2 93.5 60.6 3410 1.6 16 356.8 1175 138.1 2491 0.223 2.83 8.1 0.15 324.6 3654 12.13 496 0.842
MDC1005 MDC1005_3 90.8 81.5 3330 1.6 12.5 361.8 1164 145.4 2910 0.144 2.63 6.91 0.13 325.2 3550 11.67 484 0.842
MDC1005 MDC1005_4 90.3 69.2 3260 1.7 14.5 356.2 1147 155.5 2915 0.206 2.81 8.5 0.12 326.9 3741 11.82 503 0.74
MDC1005 MDC1005_5 90.3 77.4 3255 1.6 14.5 370.5 1086 201.2 2278 0.177 2.62 6.63 0.12 326.5 3696 11.25 495 0.707
MDC1005 MDC1005_6 91.1 94.1 3320 1.6 18 380.9 1076 227.1 2455 0.214 3.05 7.7 0.11 341 3720 11.77 523 0.7
MDC1005 MDC1005_7 89.5 80.3 3260 1.8 16.5 351.6 1200 73 2938 0.141 2.7 7.66 0.13 326.3 3446 11.98 524 0.811278 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 32 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
MDC2369 MDC2369_2
MDC2369 MDC2369_3
MDC2369 MDC2369_4
MDC2369 MDC2369_5
MDC2369 MDC2369_6
MDC2369 MDC2369_7
MDC2369 MDC2369_8
MDC2369 MDC2369_9
MDC2369 MDC2369_10
MDC82 MDC82_1
MDC82 MDC82_2
MDC82 MDC82_3
MDC82 MDC82_4
MDC82 MDC82_5
MDC82 MDC82_6
MDC82 MDC82_7
MDC82 MDC82_8
MDC82 MDC82_9
MDC82 MDC82_10
MDC82 MDC82_11
MDC82 MDC82_12
MDC82 MDC82_13
MDC82 MDC82_14
MDC82 MDC82_15
MDC82 MDC82_16
MDC82 MDC82_17
MDC82 MDC82_18
MDC559 MDC559_1
MDC559 MDC559_2
MDC559 MDC559_3
MDC559 MDC559_4
MDC559 MDC559_5
MDC559 MDC559_6
MDC559 MDC559_7
MDC559 MDC559_8
MDC559 MDC559_9
MDC559 MDC559_10
MDC559 MDC559_11
MDC1005 MDC1005_1
MDC1005 MDC1005_2
MDC1005 MDC1005_3
MDC1005 MDC1005_4
MDC1005 MDC1005_5
MDC1005 MDC1005_6
MDC1005 MDC1005_7Hf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
21.11 227.1 648 1.6 6.19 1.41 1.2 0.00 0.09 10.4 1 5 pegmatite Yinnietharra
21.86 223.3 652 1.65 5.32 0.414 0.008 0.00 0.00 10.4 1 5 pegmatite Yinnietharra
21.41 221.7 654 1.25 4.91 0.413 0.012 0.01 0.00 10.5 1 5 pegmatite Yinnietharra
20.42 204.1 694 2.6 7.29 1.84 1.76 0.00 0.11 10.9 1 5 pegmatite Yinnietharra
19.96 204.4 681 1.45 5.32 0.495 0.058 0.00 0.00 10.5 1 5 pegmatite Yinnietharra
19.97 208.1 707 5.3 8.33 2.93 3.04 0.00 0.05 10.9 1 5 pegmatite Yinnietharra
19.29 208.4 682 8.1 9.72 4.63 5.17 0.01 0.18 10.7 1 5 pegmatite Yinnietharra
21.07 216.1 683 1.3 5.67 0.589 0.205 0.01 0.04 10.5 1 5 pegmatite Yinnietharra
21.23 215.9 662 1.05 5.19 0.421 0.01 0.00 0.00 10.6 1 5 pegmatite Yinnietharra
20.46 17.21 12350 1.75 88.2 18.85 0.438 0.01 0.01 44.0 2 4 Au Big Bell
19.49 23.81 12560 8.4 78.6 17.51 0.94 0.01 0.00 40.1 2 4 Au Big Bell
24.39 26.08 25250 1.6 90.9 19.26 0.012 0.00 0.00 48.1 2 4 Au Big Bell
21.55 17.75 11990 7.7 84.8 19.4 1.93 0.01 0.04 42.1 2 4 Au Big Bell
22.9 29.77 20180 1.85 93.9 19.68 0.121 0.00 0.01 48.3 2 4 Au Big Bell
25.31 26.66 27320 2.9 90.7 19.07 0.062 0.00 0.00 49.2 2 4 Au Big Bell
23.4 28.14 25350 1.1 94.6 19.72 0.088 0.00 0.01 48.2 2 4 Au Big Bell
25.06 25.07 28430 0.5 98.7 20.89 0.0266 0.00 0.00 50.8 2 4 Au Big Bell
24.39 25.2 27460 0.93 94.5 20.5 0.154 0.00 0.00 49.8 2 4 Au Big Bell
24.11 24.19 25310 0.44 94.4 19.87 0.111 0.00 0.00 49.0 2 4 Au Big Bell
22.67 25.46 25240 0.485 92.3 19.61 0.33 0.01 0.01 47.2 2 4 Au Big Bell
21.2 24.27 24620 0.55 92.5 19.55 0.062 0.01 0.00 45.4 2 4 Au Big Bell
23.29 20.27 28260 1.2 100.7 21.33 0.113 0.01 0.01 51.6 2 4 Au Big Bell
20.54 27.64 20830 1.09 84.3 17.63 0.105 0.01 0.01 40.8 2 4 Au Big Bell
23.51 24.44 29120 0.355 101.7 21.4 0.037 0.01 0.00 52.9 2 4 Au Big Bell
18.21 17.88 11940 1.34 64.2 13.61 0.109 0.01 0.01 34.3 2 4 Au Big Bell
20.37 18.23 12320 1.19 74.3 15.6 0.052 0.01 0.00 40.2 2 4 Au Big Bell
19.54 18.68 12280 1.65 68.2 15.22 0.82 0.01 0.00 37.3 2 4 Au Big Bell
20.53 146.2 85 0.475 32.5 2.78 0.01 0.01 0.04 48.0 7 1 pegmatite Yinnietharra, NW
21.18 148.2 83.4 1.1 30.3 2.93 0.81 0.01 0.03 49.6 7 1 pegmatite Yinnietharra, NW
21.28 151.4 88.7 4.2 42 7.3 7.9 2.60 1.13 53.7 7 1 pegmatite Yinnietharra, NW
21.02 131.3 78.3 0.405 31.2 2.77 0.162 0.01 0.03 49.0 7 1 pegmatite Yinnietharra, NW
21.21 138.1 80.1 0.395 27.52 2.8 0.73 0.01 0.38 48.1 7 1 pegmatite Yinnietharra, NW
21.47 141.5 80.8 0.41 27.7 2.27 0.034 0.01 0.02 48.9 7 1 pegmatite Yinnietharra, NW
20.29 205.6 104.5 0.4 27.97 3.12 1.12 0.01 0.01 48.4 7 1 pegmatite Yinnietharra, NW
21.07 170.5 87.5 0.435 28.7 2.57 0.276 0.01 0.02 49.7 7 1 pegmatite Yinnietharra, NW
20.73 168 86.1 1.02 28.8 3.36 2.01 0.01 0.09 50.0 7 1 pegmatite Yinnietharra, NW
20.7 173.2 84.3 0.34 26.4 2.16 0.297 0.01 0.00 47.2 7 1 pegmatite Yinnietharra, NW
20.44 182.5 85.1 0.295 26.86 2.498 1.045 0.01 0.03 47.5 7 1 pegmatite Yinnietharra, NW
19.71 155.3 635 0.365 17.04 1.292 0.012 0.01 0.00 29.6 7 1 pegmatite Yinnietharra, 6 m North
19.42 147.5 787 0.4 16.55 1.375 0.162 0.00 0.00 28.0 7 1 pegmatite Yinnietharra, 6 m North
19.08 145.7 719 0.335 16.06 1.193 0.0095 0.01 0.00 28.4 7 1 pegmatite Yinnietharra, 6 m North
19.44 149.1 731 0.325 16.71 1.241 0.0085 0.00 0.00 28.7 7 1 pegmatite Yinnietharra, 6 m North
19.37 148 607 0.265 16.19 1.252 0.0085 0.00 0.00 29.1 7 1 pegmatite Yinnietharra, 6 m North
20.1 135.7 585 0.39 16.58 1.259 0.0085 0.01 0.00 28.8 7 1 pegmatite Yinnietharra, 6 m North
19.28 137.8 869 0.475 16.43 1.267 0.01 0.01 0.00 27.1 7 1 pegmatite Yinnietharra, 6 m NorthAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 279Appendix C Table 1 Page 33 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
MDC1005 MDC1005_8 92.7 69.7 3390 1.9 16.5 366.2 1208 64 2677 0.214 3.19 7.19 0.11 327.2 3529 12.29 541 0.937
MDC1005 MDC1005_9 95.6 84.5 3240 1.7 21.5 352.7 1183 125.6 2924 0.164 2.86 7.28 0.10 328.1 3656 12.50 540 0.801
MDC1005 MDC1005_10 96.2 204 3474 1.6 12 379.8 1123 178.8 2789 0.167 2.4 5.96 0.11 350.4 3784 11.74 496.9 0.79
MDC1005 MDC1005_11 97 168 3225 1.5 14 371.3 1132 182.4 2748 0.159 2.45 6.77 0.12 345.3 3828 11.64 500.3 0.823
MDC6188 MDC6188_1 95.9 22.43 3220 1.5 17.5 13.37 2053 7330 355.7 0.117 2.68 7.66 0.14 155.1 730 1.25 186.2 7.12
MDC6188 MDC6188_2 96.8 10.1 3140 1.8 17 13.64 1979 6950 386 0.15 3.12 9.94 0.15 151.2 733 1.15 184.4 7.1
MDC6188 MDC6188_3 93.5 28.6 3240 1.5 19 13.6 2096 6890 468 0.188 2.72 8.07 0.15 154 776 1.27 188.8 6.52
MDC6188 MDC6188_4 95.3 23.72 3230 1.9 18 14.05 2091 7320 367 0.155 2.82 6.89 0.14 156.5 652 1.16 184.2 7.17
MDC6188 MDC6188_5 97.4 46.5 3120 1.8 14 13.75 2057 7020 1039 0.203 3.04 16.5 0.13 174.5 737 2.38 199.4 5.67
MDC6188 MDC6188_6 95.2 21.3 3130 1.7 18.5 14.04 2061 6860 388 0.115 3.07 8.19 0.12 176.4 752 2.33 199.8 5.49
MDC6188 MDC6188_7 89.9 10.93 3010 1.3 14 13.86 2066 6850 350.8 0.179 3.22 8.22 0.12 161.8 752 2.14 198 6.05
MDC6188 MDC6188_8 94.5 13.83 3330 1.1 16.5 13.89 2046 7040 329.1 0.119 3.03 8.17 0.12 165.2 880 1.85 206.2 6.52
MDC6188 MDC6188_9 90.4 19.53 3480 1.3 15.5 14.24 2012 6870 350 0.179 2.61 8.02 0.15 169.9 840 2.17 197.4 5.86
MDC6188 MDC6188_10 98.8 28.2 3167 1.9 16.5 14.38 2044 6850 359 0.23 2.65 7.57 0.12 182.1 769 2.42 198.2 5.65
N16-48 N16_48_1 446 317 26000 10.5 98000 249.3 6990 900 6490 0.75 2.05 13.7 15700 148.7 263.6 1.36 67.1 4450
N16-48 N16_48_2 117.7 197 2550 6.0 850 604 10396 1577 7400 0.75 1.35 7.9 0.09 483 245.4 5.97 96.4 6570
N16-48 N16_48_3 120.2 5890 13100 8.0 800 301.9 7990 682 1247 0.7 2.67 6.9 0.95 260.4 404.1 8.10 72.5 4580
N16-48 N16_48_4 114.7 91 6500 5.0 750 774.2 16290 1380 8350 0.8 1.4 8.5 0.07 456.2 240.7 4.05 89.8 6450
N16-48 N16_48_5 107 85.7 4350 6.5 750 158.3 5820 538 3140 0.2 1.75 9.5 0.14 182.2 264.5 0.35 69.5 3970
N16-48 N16_48_6 120.7 226 5000 8.5 750 223.4 7440 759 6380 0.75 1.15 7.7 0.03 242.1 378.3 1.63 44 5970
N16-48 N16_48_7 115 279 3550 13.5 1000 539.1 9030 989 12000 0.4 2.8 7.4 0.13 442.5 243.3 4.76 93.6 5800
N16-48 N16_48_8 118.6 68 3700 6.5 650 112.2 4631 477.2 2138 0.445 2.5 7.6 0.10 122.3 239.3 0.84 52.4 3170
N16-48 N16_48_9 116.9 201 8100 5.0 750 240.3 6700 895 5730 0.395 1 7.3 0.11 236.4 373.5 2.18 45.6 4860
N16-48 N16_48_10 124.3 233 3800 9.5 600 609 8800 1480 11700 0.375 2.78 8.6 0.18 456.6 242.3 5.64 97.2 6010
N16-48 N16_48_11 136.6 264 3550 6.5 750 614.6 8310 1298 10920 1 1.3 8.4 0.03 463.7 245.2 4.99 97.7 6400
N16-48 N16_48_12 129.3 172 4300 5.5 600 550.7 8690 913 5620 0.6 1.25 7.4 0.11 329.7 381.1 4.11 55 6020
N16-48 N16_48_13 122 247 4650 6.0 550 733 12060 1492 9500 0.55 1.4 8 0.12 479.3 339 6.29 98.6 6080
N16-48 N16_48_14 122.6 138.2 2350 7.0 600 736.8 11490 1052 8450 1.05 1.4 6.3 0.09 445.1 296.4 5.49 77.9 5200
N16-48 N16_48_15 116 38.8 2850 9.0 800 378 6910 708 1709 0.65 1.25 5.4 0.13 157.3 312.4 4.71 69.5 3141
N16-48 N16_48_16 122 114 3100 7.5 700 828 12950 1323 6800 0.75 1.35 9 0.80 442 260.2 6.40 96.9 5730
N16-48 N16_48_17 120.8 69.7 3050 7.5 650 530.2 10950 1386 5310 0.95 1.05 8.4 0.08 365.5 361.1 5.95 68.2 5660
N16-48 N16_48_18 132.1 323 4050 7.5 750 142.6 7520 616 16480 0.6 1.3 8.1 0.10 349.4 445 4.27 2025 4180
N16-48 N16_48_19 113.7 216 3750 6.5 700 77.5 5640 395 8480 0.4 1.15 7.9 0.09 298.9 420.5 4.39 1997 4010
N16-48 N16_48_20 118.6 240 5500 6.5 850 293.7 7360 773 7330 0.75 1 6 0.28 318.3 409.3 3.74 72.7 5000
N16-48 N16_48_21 121.2 381 4350 8.5 650 513 9240 1091 12730 0.6 1.2 8.5 0.09 444.1 226.9 3.90 89.2 5580
N16-48 N16_48_22 129.5 377 3800 6.0 650 640 9320 1233 13950 0.8 1.5 7.6 0.15 489.1 212.5 5.60 102.8 5750
N16-48 N16_48_23 119.6 358 4000 8.0 650 577 9430 1204 12940 0.7 1.35 6.5 0.09 487.3 212.8 6.50 101 5130
N16-48 N16_48_24 116 259 3950 9.5 800 382.6 7780 953 9980 0.8 1.15 7.2 0.15 443.3 210.6 6.00 95.9 5070
N16-48 N16_48_25 121.8 228 3600 8.0 750 140.8 7290 533.1 11550 0.55 1.4 7.6 0.10 245.2 374.1 3.03 904 6030
N16-48 N16_48_26 132.3 248 5000 9.5 700 597 8860 960 18250 0.22 2.4 8.1 0.16 463 248.8 6.10 87.1 5220
N16-48 N16_48_27 115.7 168 3850 9.5 800 216.6 6610 739 7430 0.485 1 5.9 0.11 330.9 307.2 4.71 1375 3760
N16-48 N16_48_28 128.4 164 4200 9.0 850 196.7 7840 767 10330 0.5 1.4 7.4 0.09 290.7 533.5 4.92 688 5180
N16-48 N16_48_29 133.2 395 3800 10.0 650 621 8750 1362 12380 0.475 1.25 7.1 0.08 452.9 265.7 5.37 85.6 5300
N16-48 N16_48_30 130.8 314 4250 11.0 650 220.2 8030 878 9550 0.15 2.66 7.9 0.04 299.1 388.1 4.21 1176 5160
N16-48 N16_48_31 125.9 221 2950 10.0 600 153.7 7790 730 9370 0.55 1.4 6.4 0.12 300 402.1 4.48 1270 5000280 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 34 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
MDC1005 MDC1005_8
MDC1005 MDC1005_9
MDC1005 MDC1005_10
MDC1005 MDC1005_11
MDC6188 MDC6188_1
MDC6188 MDC6188_2
MDC6188 MDC6188_3
MDC6188 MDC6188_4
MDC6188 MDC6188_5
MDC6188 MDC6188_6
MDC6188 MDC6188_7
MDC6188 MDC6188_8
MDC6188 MDC6188_9
MDC6188 MDC6188_10
N16-48 N16_48_1
N16-48 N16_48_2
N16-48 N16_48_3
N16-48 N16_48_4
N16-48 N16_48_5
N16-48 N16_48_6
N16-48 N16_48_7
N16-48 N16_48_8
N16-48 N16_48_9
N16-48 N16_48_10
N16-48 N16_48_11
N16-48 N16_48_12
N16-48 N16_48_13
N16-48 N16_48_14
N16-48 N16_48_15
N16-48 N16_48_16
N16-48 N16_48_17
N16-48 N16_48_18
N16-48 N16_48_19
N16-48 N16_48_20
N16-48 N16_48_21
N16-48 N16_48_22
N16-48 N16_48_23
N16-48 N16_48_24
N16-48 N16_48_25
N16-48 N16_48_26
N16-48 N16_48_27
N16-48 N16_48_28
N16-48 N16_48_29
N16-48 N16_48_30
N16-48 N16_48_31Hf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
19.33 128.4 868 0.5 17.85 1.97 0.62 0.01 0.00 28.2 7 1 pegmatite Yinnietharra, 6 m North
19.71 151.6 791 0.34 17.83 1.326 0.011 0.01 0.00 29.7 7 1 pegmatite Yinnietharra, 6 m North
21.81 166.8 682 0.375 16.43 1.249 0.0075 0.01 0.00 29.6 7 1 pegmatite Yinnietharra, 6 m North
20.96 167.2 690 0.4 16.71 1.236 0.0328 0.01 0.01 30.2 7 1 pegmatite Yinnietharra, 6 m North
6.64 8.88 1138 0.495 4.68 0.343 0.015 0.02 0.23 10.7 1 2 pegmatite Greenbushes, New Zealand Gully
6.19 8.11 835 0.33 4.53 0.325 0.04 0.02 0.25 10.6 1 2 pegmatite Greenbushes, New Zealand Gully
6.51 8.18 881 0.445 4.97 0.38 0.099 0.02 0.23 10.9 1 2 pegmatite Greenbushes, New Zealand Gully
6.24 7.38 1270 0.4 4.23 0.296 0.0095 0.01 0.10 9.9 1 2 pegmatite Greenbushes, New Zealand Gully
7.09 11.42 540 0.41 4.32 0.323 0.024 0.01 0.08 10.1 1 2 pegmatite Greenbushes, New Zealand Gully
6.95 11.62 541 0.85 17.9 3.48 0.99 0.02 0.14 9.6 1 2 pegmatite Greenbushes, New Zealand Gully
6.63 11.16 519 0.7 4.38 0.374 0.037 0.02 0.08 10.1 1 2 pegmatite Greenbushes, New Zealand Gully
6.93 11.11 639 0.55 4.21 0.32 0.008 0.02 0.04 9.8 1 2 pegmatite Greenbushes, New Zealand Gully
7.05 10.35 548 0.55 5.84 0.98 0.41 0.02 0.09 9.6 1 2 pegmatite Greenbushes, New Zealand Gully
7.38 10.32 540.8 0.6 6.03 1.01 0.47 0.02 0.05 8.9 1 2 pegmatite Greenbushes, New Zealand Gully
9.9 18.79 6390 16.5 116 34.7 7.6 0.03 18.40 39.0 2 4 Au Big Bell
21.5 5.8 16650 12 166.2 38 0.225 0.03 0.04 60.6 2 4 Au Big Bell
13.7 19.05 5826 11 157.2 34.8 0.83 0.05 0.14 55.9 2 2 Au Big Bell
20.3 11.29 25940 9.5 149.7 30.8 0.215 0.03 0.06 50.7 2 4 Au Big Bell
13.6 20.53 6590 16 50.6 10.71 0.25 0.01 0.04 17.4 2 4 Au Big Bell
13.53 20.99 11310 11.5 54.3 11.86 0.225 0.02 0.04 20.5 2 4 Au Big Bell
21.2 7.83 20120 23.5 156.8 34 0.275 0.05 0.15 56.0 2 4 Au Big Bell
6.42 14.13 1842 11 45.8 9.98 0.185 0.02 0.04 15.7 2 4 Au Big Bell
12.99 20.58 10820 11 51.7 11.57 0.13 0.02 0.03 20.1 2 4 Au Big Bell
21.3 7.1 20170 11.5 152.3 34.6 0.18 0.01 0.05 55.2 2 4 Au Big Bell
21.8 5.39 19320 14.5 171.9 37.6 0.245 0.02 0.03 60.3 2 4 Au Big Bell
16.7 20.62 12030 10.5 148.9 30.9 0.175 0.03 0.04 55.3 2 4 Au Big Bell
22.2 13.81 21390 10.5 166.6 35.5 0.21 0.02 0.04 58.3 2 4 Au Big Bell
21.2 12.7 19150 7.5 148.4 31.1 0.21 0.03 0.04 53.4 2 4 Au Big Bell
9.43 17.33 3149 15 93.1 19.7 0.225 0.03 0.05 35.4 2 2 Au Big Bell
20.1 8.63 19260 7.5 156 35 0.87 0.04 0.23 53.2 2 4 Au Big Bell
19.1 17.78 12910 16 153.1 31.7 0.23 0.02 0.05 57.0 2 4 Au Big Bell
18.5 18.61 21780 11 170.2 36.3 0.26 0.04 0.04 58.3 2 4 Au Big Bell
15.6 12.91 10000 6.5 168.2 35 0.275 0.02 0.04 57.5 2 4 Au Big Bell
17.9 23.72 11300 10.5 106.3 21.51 0.16 0.01 0.04 40.4 2 4 Au Big Bell
19.8 7.14 20590 11.5 156.8 33.2 0.235 0.03 0.08 55.5 2 4 Au Big Bell
21.7 6 22780 9.5 170.8 35.8 0.245 0.02 0.05 62.0 2 4 Au Big Bell
20.4 3.14 21640 11 165.6 36.1 0.25 0.02 0.04 61.0 2 4 Au Big Bell
20.3 1.63 16360 9 148.6 31.3 0.18 0.02 0.06 55.5 2 4 Au Big Bell
13.2 19.72 11550 11.5 114.3 25.1 0.23 0.00 0.06 39.5 2 4 Au Big Bell
22 12.59 23400 12.5 144.9 31.1 0.18 0.01 0.04 54.3 2 4 Au Big Bell
16.8 7.69 10330 13.5 212.5 45.7 0.215 0.02 0.06 77.8 2 4 Au Big Bell
16.3 26.5 14830 10.5 154 34.3 0.235 0.02 0.03 53.6 2 4 Au Big Bell
22.9 16.65 20960 11.5 161.7 34.8 0.24 0.02 0.03 58.0 2 4 Au Big Bell
15.2 9.37 15830 13.5 159.8 33.9 0.24 0.01 0.06 57.2 2 4 Au Big Bell
16.4 18.34 14400 14 139.1 28.7 0.205 0.01 0.03 50.0 2 4 Au Big BellAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 281Appendix C Table 1 Page 35 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
N16-48 N16_48_32 122.6 281 7000 12.0 900 146.5 8870 1303 11550 0.9 1.35 7.1 0.70 342.8 346.8 4.82 902 5370
N16-48 N16_48_33 115.8 92.6 3500 5.5 700 273.1 5409 563.3 2970 1 1.05 8.4 0.12 175.9 248.2 2.40 53 3970
N16-48 N16_48_34 125.7 102.3 2000 10.0 700 309.2 6250 624 6730 0.55 1.3 7.9 0.08 158.9 278.2 1.56 50.3 4360
N16-48 N16_48_35 131.9 287 3500 9.0 650 527 9160 1119 12120 0.65 1.4 6.4 3.25 448.7 260.5 5.13 89.2 6390
N16-48 N16_48_36 132.3 262 7700 10.0 650 746 9820 1791 11560 0.85 1.15 6.8 0.07 493.8 239 6.10 90.2 5380
N16-48 N16_48_37 133.6 269 3150 13.0 750 731 11280 1756 13880 0.445 1.15 13.8 0.09 481.3 251.7 6.20 94.8 6100
N16-48 N16_48_38 115.4 61.2 6000 15.5 1000 262.8 7700 709 2760 0.75 1.45 6.6 0.11 221.3 289.5 0.60 77.3 6050
.08-25 X8_25_2 137 31 2850 6.5 600 30.7 2730 1455 1746 0.85 2.9 11.4 0.79 856.5 1441 52.20 200.2 107.1
.08-25 X8_25_3 119 11 3200 5.5 750 27.6 2303 876 1281 0.7 1.1 14.6 0.32 287.1 211.4 46.20 197 184.2
.08-25 X8_25_4 172 170 3350 5.0 700 31.1 2295 868 1580 0.28 1.45 10.6 0.39 304 270.7 42.80 180.7 245
.08-25 X8_25_5 117 57 2550 6.0 800 23.2 543 1319 3330 0.75 1.2 11 1.89 804 1919 9.00 309.7 220.3
.08-25 X8_25_6 124 55.3 3050 4.2 600 23.4 168.5 1128 4370 0.65 1.4 11.1 0.10 757.4 1639 6.68 270.7 111.9
.08-25 X8_25_7 730 430 4600 4.9 550 32.6 1271 951 2590 0.7 1.15 10.1 0.42 668.4 688.8 13.40 272.8 180.5
.08-25 X8_25_8 113.3 44.6 5800 3.8 650 27.7 1451 984 1870 0.6 2.63 14.1 0.81 749 713.4 11.60 278 123.4
.08-25 X8_25_9 119.2 71 3350 6.0 650 58.4 798 2105 3930 0.5 1 9.7 0.57 1866 2780 67.10 133.3 38.1
.08-25 X8_25_10 107.3 44.3 4050 5.0 750 46.6 1580 1710 2319 0.205 1.4 8.5 0.06 879.5 2139 12.40 222.1 82
.08-25 X8_25_11 110.8 109.8 1900 4.6 650 64.3 90.8 1708 5010 0.55 3.27 8.5 1.04 703.8 2072 7.05 245.7 104.5
.08-25 X8_25_12 110.3 101 2350 4.5 700 45.8 68.2 1566 4820 1.03 2.91 7.9 0.52 801.5 2116 8.70 276 121
.08-25 X8_25_13 156 92.4 2950 7.0 700 57.6 496.5 2494 5470 0.9 2.51 7.3 0.13 1147 4310 16.10 187.9 36.1
.08-25 X8_25_14 116.9 38.1 6500 6.0 425 25.6 476.9 1107 3108 0.75 1.2 7.6 0.33 1013.2 1901 8.20 182.1 76.1
.08-25 X8_25_15 115.7 35.4 3950 6.5 650 46.3 428.2 1332 3217 0.54 2.4 9.1 0.09 1193 1991 6.80 184.6 66.9
.08-25 X8_25_16 119.3 55 3050 5.5 465 60.3 292.6 2352 3790 0.85 0.9 7 0.08 727.4 1693 63.90 224 133.7
.08-25 X8_25_17 116.1 57.8 3900 5.0 650 51.2 239.6 2238 3730 0.37 2.74 8.6 0.12 584.2 1623 67.50 248 124.3
C-43 C43_1 71.6 3.7 1400 2.3 245 39.4 676 1480 10060 0.6 1.22 3.7 0.51 13.31 2544 1.11 56.1 423
C-43 C43_2 201 98 1950 3.5 230 27 311.8 2233 3390 0.97 1.04 4.2 0.51 11.92 900 0.52 39.1 257.4
C-43 C43_3 220 125 3900 2.9 190 6.07 290.5 1972 3210 0.99 6.5 8.1 10.30 600 1310 0.86 34.1 410.9
C-43 C43_4 810 877 3050 3.4 305 32.1 313.2 1468 4060 5.6 10.6 7.3 0.77 16.6 1571 0.25 74.8 138.7
C-43 C43_7 59.4 2.85 1660 2.7 180 0.65 17.42 3.3 563 0.6 0.78 3.32 0.03 2.6 130.5 0.19 1.09 0.37
C-43 C43_8 930 8300 13800 3.3 320 2.83 47.1 32 2330 12.6 1.66 8.1 0.04 4.61 111.7 0.22 1.39 12
C-43 C43_9 57.8 8.6 1000 1.9 130 4.64 60.4 35.2 1199 0.6 3.07 4 0.03 14.38 166.7 0.09 2.64 1
C-43 C43_10 57.4 2.45 2350 3.5 260 2.03 20.8 3.7 773 0.6 1.41 2.71 0.03 7.22 62.6 0.02 0.305 0.24
C-43 C43_11 62.1 38 2900 1.9 165 2.98 30.1 18.5 629 0.65 3.04 4.1 0.08 7.48 153.5 0.23 1.22 0.38
C-43 C43_12 63.9 7.1 1300 2.2 150 1.53 13 7.3 648 0.6 1.81 2.7 0.34 18.3 210 0.22 1.37 0.38
C-43 C43_13 54.9 5.1 900 1.5 130 1.85 34.2 20.1 622 0.55 1.28 3.21 0.25 7.7 151.6 0.18 1.17 0.54
C-43 C43_14 65.2 2.6 1200 1.6 160 3.29 19.2 3.25 597 0.42 1.74 3.1 0.02 5.23 73.4 0.17 1.27 0.24
C-43 C43_15 60.8 2.6 1150 1.5 105 4.18 23.7 5.2 529 0.55 1.69 4.4 0.08 10.21 163 0.07 0.72 0.197
C-43 C43_16 88 139 1450 2.3 160 2.63 23.7 6.1 759 1.14 1.18 3.8 0.07 6.35 129.2 0.43 1.04 0
98-18 X98_18_1 292 730 9500 1.8 1150 7.5 199 15.5 2500 12.5 9.5 7.5 2.40 356 1991 0.70 3.4 78
98-18 X98_18_2 92 106 7000 0.6 1550 29.4 2046 1481 435 13.5 7 5.5 1.50 12.7 207 1.30 22.6 343
98-18 X98_18_3 468 299 10500 2.5 1400 5 1062 15.5 365 8.5 6.5 12 0.27 3520 151.5 0.53 6.8 37
98-18 X98_18_4 235 595 6500 6.0 1800 10.3 250 11 1570 12.5 6.5 5.5 0.08 732 173.7 2.55 2.17 41.3
98-18 X98_18_5 242 802 6000 2.0 1550 4.25 113 10 2590 10 4.5 9.5 0.12 401 2976 1.56 2.2 40.3
98-18 X98_18_6 176 760 7500 2.1 1550 5.5 78.9 19.5 1710 8 10.5 4.35 1.52 467 206 0.63 2.28 64.6
98-18 X98_18_8 366 1060 7000 5.6 1100 4.3 77.6 13.5 1420 9.5 6.5 6 0.17 3470 343 1.25 2.9 299
98-18 X98_18_9 136 190 6500 2.6 1400 15.4 538 11 750 8 5.5 10.5 10.10 1034 1640 0.96 34.2 11.8282 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 36 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
N16-48 N16_48_32
N16-48 N16_48_33
N16-48 N16_48_34
N16-48 N16_48_35
N16-48 N16_48_36
N16-48 N16_48_37
N16-48 N16_48_38
.08-25 X8_25_2
.08-25 X8_25_3
.08-25 X8_25_4
.08-25 X8_25_5
.08-25 X8_25_6
.08-25 X8_25_7
.08-25 X8_25_8
.08-25 X8_25_9
.08-25 X8_25_10
.08-25 X8_25_11
.08-25 X8_25_12
.08-25 X8_25_13
.08-25 X8_25_14
.08-25 X8_25_15
.08-25 X8_25_16
.08-25 X8_25_17
C-43 C43_1
C-43 C43_2
C-43 C43_3
C-43 C43_4
C-43 C43_7
C-43 C43_8
C-43 C43_9
C-43 C43_10
C-43 C43_11
C-43 C43_12
C-43 C43_13
C-43 C43_14
C-43 C43_15
C-43 C43_16
98-18 X98_18_1
98-18 X98_18_2
98-18 X98_18_3
98-18 X98_18_4
98-18 X98_18_5
98-18 X98_18_6
98-18 X98_18_8
98-18 X98_18_9Hf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
17.9 11.15 18920 8.5 187 40.2 1.09 0.02 0.10 59.1 2 4 Au Big Bell
11.42 12.5 3960 12 38.5 7.25 0.13 0.01 0.04 13.5 2 4 Au Big Bell
9.84 14.85 7080 12.5 22.9 4.78 0.26 0.02 0.03 8.4 2 4 Au Big Bell
22.6 9.99 19860 14.5 165.5 33.8 0.26 0.01 0.05 57.3 2 4 Au Big Bell
23.2 5.41 15790 10.5 169.1 37.6 0.165 0.02 0.04 59.9 2 4 Au Big Bell
22 7.55 19630 9 165.6 33.5 0.155 0.02 0.06 58.7 2 4 Au Big Bell
14.4 23.06 7850 14 92.1 18.1 0.165 0.02 0.07 31.1 2 4 Au Big Bell
34.2 96 926 15 313.3 66.4 1.43 0.01 0.04 115.3 4 3 Au Tropicana, Havana
9 10.13 115 14 78.2 16.2 1.06 0.01 0.39 28.6 4 3 Au Tropicana, Havana
10.18 40.5 146.6 13 91 16.3 3.1 0.02 0.99 37.2 4 3 Au Tropicana, Havana
35.2 136 1836 13 277 53.9 1.46 0.01 0.18 97.2 4 3 Au Tropicana, Havana
32.3 131.7 2004 8.5 290 54.5 0.46 0.02 0.04 115.6 4 3 Au Tropicana, Havana
25.4 34.11 182.2 11 79.4 15 0.21 0.01 0.04 29.9 4 3 Au Tropicana, Havana
25.6 40.5 205 10 106.6 25.7 2.87 0.01 0.05 36.1 4 3 Au Tropicana, Havana
74 214.5 2762 8.5 397 81.5 1.09 0.02 0.04 150.0 4 3 Au Tropicana, Havana
34.1 78.1 757 13.5 108 22.4 0.18 0.01 0.04 38.2 4 3 Au Tropicana, Havana
37.8 125.3 4312 15 187.6 37 1.29 0.01 0.10 82.4 4 3 Au Tropicana, Havana
39.6 114.4 3593 9.5 202 39.6 0.205 0.02 0.04 79.6 4 3 Au Tropicana, Havana
51.2 379.6 3665 14 376.8 81.3 1.41 0.02 0.04 141.5 4 3 Au Tropicana, Havana
35.6 120.7 809 8 77.7 16.47 0.205 0.02 0.04 31.2 4 3 Au Tropicana, Havana
40.4 154.1 888 10.5 101.4 20.1 0.155 0.02 0.07 38.8 4 3 Au Tropicana, Havana
39.5 171.5 3957 18 141.2 27.2 0.24 0.02 0.04 50.6 4 3 Au Tropicana, Havana
33.6 164.3 3499 12.5 146.1 29.6 0.235 0.03 0.07 53.9 4 3 Au Tropicana, Havana
2.36 165.8 13180 2.05 2.36 1.28 0.9 0.01 0.88 0.6 2 5 lamprophyre Shea West
1.15 20.22 710 1.6 0.91 0.79 0.65 0.01 0.14 0.1 2 5 lamprophyre Shea West
21.4 32.6 951 7.7 18.9 7.5 7.4 0.04 10.30 7.2 2 5 lamprophyre Shea West
1.21 53.1 1161 17.6 11.26 5.88 7.68 0.05 1.09 1.3 2 5 lamprophyre Shea West
0.101 5.38 265.2 1.85 1 1 0 0.00 0.01 0.0 1 5 lamprophyre Shea West
0.22 5.44 552 1.4 0.71 0.277 0.325 0.03 0.04 0.0 4 5 lamprophyre Shea West
0.79 7.65 1680 1.6 1.58 1.48 1.58 0.04 0.02 0.1 1 5 lamprophyre Shea West
0.35 3.07 83.6 2.25 0.233 1 0.05 0.05 0.01 0.0 1 5 lamprophyre Shea West
0.32 6.75 509 1.95 4.07 3.37 3.32 0.30 0.04 0.3 1 5 lamprophyre Shea West
0.68 7.57 186 1 0.76 0.6 0.443 0.08 0.33 0.3 1 5 lamprophyre Shea West
0.47 7.97 504 1.35 1.28 0.94 0.83 0.06 0.14 0.2 1 5 lamprophyre Shea West
0.25 1.87 220 0.9 0.3 0.34 0.247 0.02 0.01 0.0 1 5 lamprophyre Shea West
0.77 3.55 457 2.2 0.177 0.211 0.224 0.03 0.03 0.1 1 5 lamprophyre Shea West
0.54 7.95 430 1.3 0.075 1 0.042 0.05 0.01 0.0 1 5 lamprophyre Shea West
7.1 56.2 8.1 16 30.9 38 40.9 0.05 0.54 0.1 3 3 lamprophyre Paringa
0.81 10.5 3.4 6.3 9.4 10.5 10.1 0.05 0.11 0.4 4 3 lamprophyre Paringa
111.8 28.1 3.6 3.95 3.8 3.9 5.03 0.03 0.10 0.1 3 3 lamprophyre Paringa
15.5 18.9 7.4 5 5.94 7.7 9.42 0.03 0.07 0.1 3 3 lamprophyre Paringa
11.4 89.1 6.1 8.9 27.3 35.3 37.4 0.13 0.04 0.0 3 3 lamprophyre Paringa
8.3 18.5 5.9 15.6 40.4 56.6 50.2 0.16 0.08 0.0 3 3 lamprophyre Paringa
145 22.3 5 28.3 85.1 99 97 0.07 0.07 0.1 3 3 lamprophyre Paringa
20 93.2 13.5 10.7 16.9 9.6 6.52 0.10 0.91 3.5 3 3 lamprophyre ParingaAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 283Appendix C Table 1 Page 37 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
98-18 X98_18_10 194 475 6500 2.1 1900 5 78.9 9.5 1870 9.5 6.5 7.5 7.30 973 1840 0.22 3.3 51.3
98-18 X98_18_11 186 413 7500 2.3 1300 7 737 17.5 850 8.5 10 20 6.90 2586 1826 1.10 24.8 94.4
.03-13 X03_13_2 4250 4690 11100 2.9 1070 64.5 6080 3.65 76000 0.65 10 171 33.60 88 323 0.26 69 292
.03-13 X03_13_3 3840 20500 64000 2.8 2440 128.4 2740 3.8 140000 0.95 89 214 67.30 64.4 437 0.23 153 551
.03-13 X03_13_1 4320 20600 25300 1.6 800 190 5340 7.5 60000 1.7 5 282 95.00 34 53 0.33 8.5 1020
.03-13 X03_13_2 1660 4560 6000 1.3 700 95 4930 6.5 25900 1.45 7.8 89 46.60 63.7 447 0.29 76 819
.03-13 X03_13_3 4000 13900 9000 2.0 950 92 4800 10 55000 0.95 10.7 220 62.00 240 620 0.40 73 680
.03-13 X03_13_4 1700 840 8500 1.4 900 83 4020 8 23700 1.4 13.5 60 47.00 145 559 0.34 120 800
.03-13 X03_13_5 9100 26000 78000 2.2 1150 95 3787 11.5 109000 4.5 12.8 229 60.50 156 654 0.65 78.3 798
.03-13 X03_13_6 1140 34000 180000 1.6 850 102.2 3360 11 15800 1.75 15 46 49.70 61.6 1027 0.45 160 747
.03-13 X03_13_7 22300 28100 33000 2.7 1350 113 5370 14 320000 2.5 36.1 640 51.00 34.1 651 0.70 77.2 441
.03-13 X03_13_8 640 16300 142000 3.4 14600 187 3564 35 11400 2.35 22.5 54 165.00 870 635 0.34 180 662
.03-13 X03_13_9 4090 10600 24000 3.5 3170 174 5710 10.5 104500 1.65 11.7 197 138.00 119.4 284 0.30 99 533
.03-13 X03_13_10 8090 860 8500 3.8 6500 115 3103 12 201000 1.3 151 312 75.00 1220 1012 0.21 82 662
.03-13 X03_13_11 1180 610 5500 2.0 2000 161.8 4370 9.5 30000 1.2 610 89 70.50 264 975 0.22 143 754
.03-13 X03_13_12 19200 36300 42000 1.6 3900 145 5480 13 287000 0.95 30.8 839 89.70 102.4 302 0.40 149 890
.03-13 X03_13_13 2490 52000 202000 3.9 6100 131.6 2835 32 117000 1.75 24.3 149 42.90 91.5 349 0.26 128 512
.03-13 X03_13_14 3110 6400 30000 3.5 1900 133 5460 9 72000 1.8 24.6 149 54.90 268 311 0.12 172 833
.03-13 X03_13_15 1460 840 6000 3.2 600 75.1 6580 9.5 29400 1.15 357 68 29.60 167 491 0.46 151.6 717
.03-13 X03_13_16 5110 7200 14900 1.3 1100 66.8 7110 10 84000 2.4 10.5 240 41.30 433 512 0.94 148 560
.03-13 X03_13_17 3500 55000 155000 7.3 1300 121 3750 16 59000 6.6 30.7 86 56.90 98 528 0.38 135 659
.03-13 X03_13_18 1750 4200 9000 4.0 580000 128.5 4660 12.5 30800 2.45 26.4 75 2030.00 199.8 672 0.55 175.3 626
.04-40 X04_40_1 1070 396 3500 3.0 1250 81.1 11140 6 119000 1.16 6 49.7 28.20 660 1102 1.75 454 192
.04-40 X04_40_2 1190 720 77200 5.0 1790 100.3 10010 11.5 254000 2 11.2 27.8 14.00 551 1104 1.08 537 201
.04-40 X04_40_3 1030 1710 23600 5.5 2430 93.8 13710 7 181000 1.9 8.3 30.9 11.90 211 1388 0.55 650 188
.04-40 X04_40_4 207 124000 500000 3.2 750 118 8450 6 480 1.25 14.1 22.7 23.90 118 959 0.02 255 163
.04-40 X04_40_5 307 1730 50000 4.6 5100 71.2 13990 4.95 1690 0.95 6.3 16.1 18.00 167 1153 0.37 382 245
.04-40 X04_40_6 258 540 2100 2.7 2000 82.1 11710 4.7 1690 0.74 6 16.7 20.50 93.2 1114 0.17 395 313
.04-40 X04_40_7 196 400 3100 2.8 700 72.8 15350 9 2330 0.55 14.8 17.1 16.70 67.7 1322 0.19 640 393
.04-40 X04_40_8 680 266 10000 870.0 1200 56.8 4220 6.5 74000 0.55 6.6 19.5 17.50 1040 235 79.00 52.8 58.2
.04-40 X04_40_1 137 49400 169000 0.3 1150 162 5280 232 1340 1.8 15.4 24.1 140.00 160 1098 2.90 169 175
.04-40 X04_40_2 152 47000 188000 0.7 1150 134.6 6150 133 430 2 15.9 18 59.10 140 1053 3.30 176 149
.04-40 X04_40_3 192 86000 225000 0.5 1200 133.8 5240 115 3500 7 32.7 28 151.70 512 1050 7.90 163 204
.04-40 X04_40_4 147 13800 62000 0.5 1200 150 5450 317 1430 0.9 15.2 18.6 190.80 312 1130 2.70 138 173
.04-40 X04_40_6 294 394 6500 1.6 1000 95 8540 9.5 5900 0.95 7.5 19.4 39.70 214 1078 0.94 477 183
.04-46 X04_46_1 1230 9400 17900 93.0 930 6.21 1919 228.5 6200 14.1 7.1 24.8 20.16 110.1 963 0.06 17.6 166.1
.04-46 X04_46_3 3640 18800 33500 39.1 2300 7.6 1877 299 6790 1.52 7.2 36.9 40.80 250 1282 0.75 28 241
.04-46 X04_46_4 5500 12900 21200 15.0 8800 6.3 2064 366 8000 1.67 4.8 37 27.40 103.3 1157 0.08 18.9 212
.04-46 X04_46_5 1456 8100 17500 389.0 550 6 2066 347.7 15500 64 70 29.9 36.60 130.8 1156 16.10 19.9 287
.04-46 X04_46_6 2120 54000 470000 16.5 900 29.8 626 392 7200 9.2 18.6 28.3 30.80 305.3 906 0.60 47.2 131.8
.04-46 X04_46_1 1750 22500 22000 4.3 900 9.5 619 299 5830 5 11.5 46 48.30 570 797 0.48 27.2 140
.04-46 X04_46_2 640 570 77000 15.1 1050 8.3 710 302 5410 1.5 33 28 48.70 246 779 0.75 53.8 179
.04-46 X04_46_3 3850 26200 34500 4.8 1100 31.3 2060 263 6700 10.4 21 47.2 306.00 19900 943 1.43 28 215
.04-46 X04_46_4 240 1700 4850 6.2 750 159 394 32 2310 0.65 6.9 22.9 9.00 914 621 0.71 4.7 28
.04-46 X04_46_5 420 5200 37000 9.6 1450 50 420 55 2390 3.9 8.5 17.5 8.90 836 1220 0.83 5.6 36.4284 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 38 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
98-18 X98_18_10
98-18 X98_18_11
.03-13 X03_13_2
.03-13 X03_13_3
.03-13 X03_13_1
.03-13 X03_13_2
.03-13 X03_13_3
.03-13 X03_13_4
.03-13 X03_13_5
.03-13 X03_13_6
.03-13 X03_13_7
.03-13 X03_13_8
.03-13 X03_13_9
.03-13 X03_13_10
.03-13 X03_13_11
.03-13 X03_13_12
.03-13 X03_13_13
.03-13 X03_13_14
.03-13 X03_13_15
.03-13 X03_13_16
.03-13 X03_13_17
.03-13 X03_13_18
.04-40 X04_40_1
.04-40 X04_40_2
.04-40 X04_40_3
.04-40 X04_40_4
.04-40 X04_40_5
.04-40 X04_40_6
.04-40 X04_40_7
.04-40 X04_40_8
.04-40 X04_40_1
.04-40 X04_40_2
.04-40 X04_40_3
.04-40 X04_40_4
.04-40 X04_40_6
.04-46 X04_46_1
.04-46 X04_46_3
.04-46 X04_46_4
.04-46 X04_46_5
.04-46 X04_46_6
.04-46 X04_46_1
.04-46 X04_46_2
.04-46 X04_46_3
.04-46 X04_46_4
.04-46 X04_46_5Hf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
20.9 157.7 2.6 10.7 29.5 30.5 30.5 0.09 1.17 0.4 3 3 lamprophyre Paringa
98.3 282 19.7 16.8 46.9 52.2 53 0.17 1.03 0.1 3 3 lamprophyre Paringa
4.96 25 4400 11 23.6 15.5 14.1 0.01 1.11 3.5 2 4 Au Golden Pike, Kalgoorlie, at lode
5.83 15.34 4960 17.5 71.3 34.1 26.9 0.04 10.32 17.3 2 4 Au Golden Pike, Kalgoorlie, at lode
0.88 7.8 66000 18.03 24.1 18.7 25.7 0.01 10.20 0.7 2 4 Au Golden Pike, Kalgoorlie, at lode
4.2 19.2 74100 43.88 36.9 15.1 16.9 0.01 6.25 4.1 2 4 Au Golden Pike, Kalgoorlie, at lode
15 21.9 66500 56.79 37.1 20.3 19.4 0.01 6.96 3.5 2 4 Au Golden Pike, Kalgoorlie, at lode
11.6 27.2 45900 70.09 100.4 40.8 29.3 0.01 3.52 14.1 2 4 Au Golden Pike, Kalgoorlie, at lode
8.1 27.3 41700 52.81 53.6 24.1 20.9 0.03 9.26 6.1 2 4 Au Golden Pike, Kalgoorlie, at lode
4.1 19.7 38700 67.80 110 40.3 34.8 0.01 29.60 21.1 2 4 Au Golden Pike, Kalgoorlie, at lode
3.5 24.6 57600 27.23 41.7 21.6 20 0.01 1.62 3.6 2 4 Au Golden Pike, Kalgoorlie, at lode
31 37.1 3910 70 50.5 31.5 45.1 0.02 42.20 14.7 2 4 Au Golden Pike, Kalgoorlie, at lode
6.1 16.7 5990 41 52.2 39.4 39.4 0.04 4.80 7.6 2 4 Au Golden Pike, Kalgoorlie, at lode
42 79.4 4500 105 28.4 23.9 33 0.01 12.90 4.1 2 4 Au Golden Pike, Kalgoorlie, at lode
13.9 66.1 4040 130 38.5 38.6 47.1 0.04 23.60 4.3 2 4 Au Golden Pike, Kalgoorlie, at lode
6.4 9.7 4650 80 66.1 45.2 44 0.02 4.01 9.7 2 4 Au Golden Pike, Kalgoorlie, at lode
8.3 17.7 3810 60 34.4 27.9 26.8 0.05 13.53 7.1 2 4 Au Golden Pike, Kalgoorlie, at lode
16 16.4 4940 102 60.8 34.8 27.1 0.02 3.94 13.6 2 4 Au Golden Pike, Kalgoorlie, at lode
8.3 25.9 6160 37.5 27.5 19.7 19.5 0.01 3.74 5.2 2 4 Au Golden Pike, Kalgoorlie, at lode
18.6 31.5 5120 55 27.3 23.5 23.8 0.03 2.49 2.9 2 4 Au Golden Pike, Kalgoorlie, at lode
5.6 57.6 4580 80 45.7 37.9 35.6 0.03 18.90 8.2 2 4 Au Golden Pike, Kalgoorlie, at lode
10.1 72.1 3870 85 68.3 41.8 43.1 0.01 25.40 16.4 2 4 Au Golden Pike, Kalgoorlie, at lode
23.2 33.7 12300 51 58.7 63.4 57.1 0.02 2.36 2.8 2 4 Au Mt. Charlotte
22.1 45.5 5760 13.5 26.4 16.7 14.7 0.02 5.55 4.4 2 4 Au Mt. Charlotte
11.04 50 13900 18 42.1 37.3 33.4 0.01 4.93 4.1 2 4 Au Mt. Charlotte
9.7 31.4 6520 63 52.2 46.1 43.6 0.02 20.60 8.9 2 4 Au Mt. Charlotte
8.96 39.7 17670 59 60.8 64.8 59.6 0.01 6.12 4.0 2 4 Au Mt. Charlotte
6.83 38.4 14880 66 73 79 73.8 0.03 11.32 5.3 2 4 Au Mt. Charlotte
6.96 56.1 21700 98 118 124 120 0.02 6.22 3.9 2 4 Au Mt. Charlotte
29.5 9.37 1750 25.7 35.3 39 36.2 0.14 1.48 1.2 6 4 Au Mt. Charlotte
12.9 60.4 31300 46 108 108 96 0.07 28.90 8.5 2 4 Au Mt. Charlotte
7.2 57.5 49300 37 81 82 77 0.06 23.60 6.4 2 4 Au Mt. Charlotte
20.4 51.9 35000 107 190 210 186 0.09 40.60 11.3 2 4 Au Mt. Charlotte
17.3 52.4 30500 14 114 116 108.7 0.04 37.10 8.5 2 4 Au Mt. Charlotte
13.6 34.5 76700 78.9 101.7 89.5 86.9 0.01 2.77 2.4 2 4 Au Mt. Charlotte
4.46 25.4 5750 46.6 246.5 111.9 68.9 0.06 28.73 64.8 2 5 Au Kanowna Belle
10.1 35.9 5340 37.3 167 88.8 61.6 0.01 15.44 30.7 2 5 Au Kanowna Belle
4.83 34.8 6200 68 286 151.3 103 0.01 20.22 58.1 2 5 Au Kanowna Belle
5.65 35.6 5760 132 391 260 194 0.10 25.90 69.9 2 5 Au Kanowna Belle
10.9 32.7 6020 68 221 153 142 0.06 84.70 52.8 2 5 Au Kanowna Belle
12.7 41.7 14300 350 260 168 183 0.16 101.00 63.0 2 5 Au Kanowna Belle
6 34.6 22680 680 414 274 286 0.23 74.80 53.6 2 5 Au Kanowna Belle
291 35.2 17900 319 353 240 205 0.06 40.10 77.0 4 3 Au Kanowna Belle
26 17.2 2800 18 42 20.2 21.7 0.09 10.80 6.4 4 3 Au Kanowna Belle
27.1 23.4 1780 19.5 48 22.5 27.8 0.09 18.50 11.2 4 3 Au Kanowna BelleAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 285Appendix C Table 1 Page 39 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
.04-46 X04_46_6 2430 22300 7000 470.5 1100 8.4 1952 227 42000 219 9.8 26.5 26.80 95.6 889 0.23 16.3 174
.04-46 X04_46_7 11300 63100 72000 15.9 6800 9.7 2490 132.2 13000 5.9 4.35 58.3 52.90 124.6 1012 0.49 21.2 261
.04-46 X04_46_8 48200 34400 78000 26.9 99000 19 1983 153 70000 110 22 86 47.00 273 880 0.40 25.9 268
.04-46 X04_46_9 11500 63700 75000 12.1 8500 14.7 2583 150 12300 7.8 9.4 58.9 53.40 147.4 1014 0.31 20.1 226
.04-47 X04_47_1 4420 50000 106000 3010.0 5500 14.5 2166 221 103000 450 25.3 51.2 55.20 1050 1153 2.70 20.3 256
.04-47 X04_47_2 2250 11290 29800 1220.0 500 5.6 1992 229 28000 94 13.8 35.9 36.90 131.4 1079 8.40 21.3 284
.04-47 X04_47_3 1597 14100 23900 33.0 385 6.1 2046 380 5610 13.9 5.4 25.5 22.30 95.1 1063 1.02 22.9 162
.04-47 X04_47_4 4000 7400 21600 890.0 5700 18.6 1313 2686 50000 200 139 65.2 380.00 15800 1384 38.90 26 482
.04-47 X04_47_5 1900 4890 14000 178.0 600 5.69 1679 1053 13700 46 12.4 35.1 32.00 190.6 1151 13.00 24.7 234.9
.04-47 X04_47_7 1770 11400 16100 950.0 3360 5.93 1929 440 24400 91 5600 32.6 34.60 138.4 1051 49.00 27.9 317
.04-47 X04_47_8 3590 31500 75700 102.0 600 15.9 2220 227.3 10400 34 8.9 49 107.00 3900 1016 1.50 22.3 193.9
.04-47 X04_47_1 27000 19500 54000 9.9 67000 8.6 2276 240 35000 2 5.6 77 50.00 160.7 1179 0.54 21.8 149
.04-47 X04_47_2 2280 12500 30100 860.4 9600 7.5 2147 323 78000 426 38.7 23.4 49.60 113.1 971 56.90 19.3 337
.04-47 X04_47_3 53000 164000 239000 18.4 83000 31.2 2910 446 49100 8.5 3.75 144 55.40 146.5 944 0.43 31.6 128
.04-47 X04_47_4 49000 28100 35500 8.4 114000 10.4 2320 252 33000 3.3 10.2 77 64.50 148.9 971 0.61 22.3 231
.04-47 X04_47_5 1550 4300 37000 970.2 650 8.8 1569 724 840000 1880 540 57 22.20 116 880 0.47 22.7 300
.04-47 X04_47_7 4380 34300 66000 1433.5 1300 13.9 1920 2258 96000 580 26 40 64.40 129.9 1053 0.41 21.2 312
.04-47 X04_47_9 1070 5200 6500 304.7 850 4.4 1902 274 4740 24 9.7 31.9 36.30 159 898 181.00 23.7 197
.04-47 X04_47_10 9500 85000 118000 22.9 165000 15.4 2620 418 83000 250 78 60 176.00 146.4 967 1.05 29.1 161
.04-90 X04_90_1 183 499 52000 11.0 440 22.6 6920 112.8 2430 0.6 6.9 20.7 17.80 98.5 814 0.40 124.4 1432
.04-90 X04_90_2 165 5100 136000 4.5 600 30.7 7290 123.5 2740 1.13 7.3 21.9 22.40 198 739 0.45 112.5 1263
.04-90 X04_90_3 307 11200 350000 4.5 465 47.7 8830 107 5100 2.5 11.2 25.3 35.50 80.6 319.3 0.48 122.2 1279
.04-90 X04_90_4 207 3700 52000 5.5 600 26.5 8300 246.3 3990 0.445 11 35.1 39.20 144 444 0.26 138.8 1342
.04-90 X04_90_5 1440 34400 179000 8.0 750 53.6 7720 48.9 6510 1.7 9.2 24.4 18.60 67.9 353.1 0.20 106.7 1288
.04-90 X04_90_1 380 11500 22400 1.1 800 27.1 7060 95.1 3610 0.85 5.7 26.9 48.50 184 335 0.18 106 1360
.04-90 X04_90_2 1120 75000 350000 3.5 1550 62 8920 136 8200 2.25 4.55 22.3 22.70 63.4 273 0.26 118.7 1347
.04-90 X04_90_3 550 32000 143000 1.6 1250 27.1 6580 213 3390 1.25 11.9 19.1 20.50 370 229 13.40 93 1540
.04-90 X04_90_4 810 40900 328000 5.4 2000 51.9 9110 259 7500 3.7 6.5 38 28.20 81.4 320.4 0.80 163 1750
.04-90 X04_90_5 185 2250 5500 0.6 750 23.8 6520 74 3740 0.95 11.1 30.8 19.80 55.6 317 0.27 109 1560
.04-90 X04_90_7 137 1750 95000 0.3 950 36.9 7520 71 3170 1.25 9.6 20.3 80.00 540 418.5 0.45 120.6 1384
.04-90 X04_90_8 225 6100 653000 1.9 1950 68.9 8330 103 2350 2.7 6 23.4 260.00 790 374 4.90 149 1314
.04-90 X04_90_9 350 13000 173000 1.1 900 49.7 8100 84 3430 0.75 6.4 28 85.00 640 235 0.55 111 949
.04-90 X04_90_10 450 18000 95000 0.9 700 31.6 8800 89 5600 0.9 2.35 21 18.80 93.6 355 0.36 158 1370
.04-90 X04_90_11 269 5800 115000 2.7 750 32.1 8600 89 10100 15.9 67 40.6 20.80 148 441 0.32 125.2 1217
.04-90 X04_90_12 308 15300 225000 3.9 1050 35.8 9120 126 3740 1.3 3.6 31.4 18.80 127 481 0.18 141 1308
C-41 C_41_1 55000 2700 31000 10.0 143000 59.2 2985 1164 71100 18.5 8.7 92 26.20 15.93 415 0.62 18.6 25.6
C-41 C_41_2 194 18000 178000 8.5 1050 36.3 2840 2380 910 1.3 9.6 17.9 8.50 14 376 0.16 14.5 9.7
C-41 C_41_4 23600 500 10500 52.0 62300 43.2 3630 208 29100 3.3 8.5 43.8 17.10 13.03 496 0.18 50.6 39.5
C-41 C_41_5 35000 47200 131000 10.0 100000 62.9 3070 491 45000 18 127 58.4 105.00 560 309 1.33 22.4 40.5
C-41 C_41_6 39000 67100 78000 17.0 111000 27.6 2824 1204 60000 19.3 14.9 119 126.80 320 880 1.50 110 52.1
C-41 C_41_7 6180 129000 226000 11.5 10400 108 3520 732 15300 64 7.9 34.8 11.50 24.1 387 0.26 21.9 25.8
C-41 C_41_10 6900 47000 85000 250.0 6900 60 2150 1060 28000 107 9.7 122 109.00 3500 366 1.85 40.5 50.2
C-121 C_121_1 4700 138 3050 10.5 12700 18.1 3230 945 6800 5.5 4.8 31.2 32.50 34.7 1667 0.22 9.3 92
C-121 C_121_2 20500 4900 20500 1000.0 35000 53.8 4470 4410 49000 91 14.2 91 36.20 50.1 1820 1.04 23.3 501
C-121 C_121_3 107000 970 39000 10.0 270000 51 7420 2980 103000 35 38 310 24.60 74 1450 0.46 112.2 173286 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 40 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
.04-46 X04_46_6
.04-46 X04_46_7
.04-46 X04_46_8
.04-46 X04_46_9
.04-47 X04_47_1
.04-47 X04_47_2
.04-47 X04_47_3
.04-47 X04_47_4
.04-47 X04_47_5
.04-47 X04_47_7
.04-47 X04_47_8
.04-47 X04_47_1
.04-47 X04_47_2
.04-47 X04_47_3
.04-47 X04_47_4
.04-47 X04_47_5
.04-47 X04_47_7
.04-47 X04_47_9
.04-47 X04_47_10
.04-90 X04_90_1
.04-90 X04_90_2
.04-90 X04_90_3
.04-90 X04_90_4
.04-90 X04_90_5
.04-90 X04_90_1
.04-90 X04_90_2
.04-90 X04_90_3
.04-90 X04_90_4
.04-90 X04_90_5
.04-90 X04_90_7
.04-90 X04_90_8
.04-90 X04_90_9
.04-90 X04_90_10
.04-90 X04_90_11
.04-90 X04_90_12
C-41 C_41_1
C-41 C_41_2
C-41 C_41_4
C-41 C_41_5
C-41 C_41_6
C-41 C_41_7
C-41 C_41_10
C-121 C_121_1
C-121 C_121_2
C-121 C_121_3Hf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
2.65 25 14740 410 350 265 238 1.99 26.60 53.9 2 5 Au Kanowna Belle
2.9 35.2 18800 620 475 374 341 0.52 28.50 68.4 2 5 Au Kanowna Belle
6.8 28 12850 860 420 460 450 1.40 15.60 30.5 2 5 Au Kanowna Belle
4.23 33.6 17700 580 421 314 280 0.04 30.30 70.4 2 5 Au Kanowna Belle
24.3 36.5 3810 339 624 604 517 0.46 24.91 54.6 2 4 Au Kanowna Belle
5.57 42.1 4500 308 600 560 480 0.20 21.33 49.6 2 5 Au Kanowna Belle
4.42 30.3 6510 38 180.5 83.1 52.8 0.01 17.90 40.0 2 5 Au Kanowna Belle
340 40.7 3089 720 1130 1150 970 1.20 44.00 87.1 4 4 Au Kanowna Belle
6.73 31.3 5580 126 312 245 199 0.09 18.40 37.3 2 5 Au Kanowna Belle
5.8 34.5 5270 1770 2350 2840 2460 1.83 19.19 42.0 2 5 Au Kanowna Belle
107 32.6 6820 278 522 448 363 0.18 31.30 70.2 4 3 Au Kanowna Belle
4.57 50.2 16440 343 260 164 141 0.02 24.80 49.4 2 5 Au Kanowna Belle
3.9 45.5 17760 3500 1420 1670 1660 2.12 23.20 47.0 2 5 Au Kanowna Belle
3.8 36.7 17500 540 292 239 223 0.03 23.60 37.1 2 5 Au Kanowna Belle
3.95 42.5 15400 357 355 258 233 0.02 27.51 52.2 2 5 Au Kanowna Belle
4.3 38.8 10100 1650 400 380 370 2.40 13.20 23.4 2 5 Au Kanowna Belle
3.38 36.7 14930 1650 690 710 710 1.92 41.10 43.8 2 5 Au Kanowna Belle
6.9 28.2 32810 470 710 1030 820 1.42 13.93 39.4 2 5 Au Kanowna Belle
6.6 32.4 52300 144 318 299 233 0.66 22.90 37.1 2 5 Au Kanowna Belle
7.5 37.6 4128 97 423 236 159 0.02 24.75 90.6 2 4 Au Kalgoorlie
9.5 98.6 4240 115 430 224 160 0.01 27.05 97.3 2 4 Au Kalgoorlie
3.97 12.74 5240 124 426 164 93.2 0.03 18.55 134.2 2 4 Au Kalgoorlie
8.2 33.1 6210 147 473 229.5 151 0.01 27.40 114.4 2 4 Au Kalgoorlie
4.53 21.2 4140 860 389 250 181.6 0.03 7.13 69.6 2 4 Au Kalgoorlie
12.3 13.3 36000 66 425 244 136 0.11 4.83 86.2 2 4 Au Kalgoorlie
6.4 10.2 31000 152 470 240 151 0.08 17.30 111.4 2 4 Au Kalgoorlie
12.7 7.8 19900 46 100 87 66 0.06 12.50 10.2 2 4 Au Kalgoorlie
6.5 15.6 44800 105 548 275 175 0.10 32.20 114.3 2 4 Au Kalgoorlie
4.44 40.3 26000 110 470 265 159 0.04 6.20 91.5 2 4 Au Kalgoorlie
23.7 53.5 31600 90 450 240 140.2 0.06 6.76 99.9 2 4 Au Kalgoorlie
39 15.7 30800 113 475 305 189 0.17 5.36 98.3 2 4 Au Kalgoorlie
27 5.45 32900 89 409 241 149.7 0.07 5.28 89.5 2 4 Au Kalgoorlie
7.6 11.8 35500 239 476 255 137 0.05 18.80 104.5 2 4 Au Kalgoorlie
8.3 31.5 32000 333 725 530 360 0.44 20.50 123.8 2 4 Au Kalgoorlie
7.1 35.9 32600 134 534 309 188 0.22 19.50 111.4 2 4 Au Kalgoorlie
1.57 17.3 4160 127 43.8 46.6 38.9 0.02 5.30 3.8 2 5 Au Jubilee
2.4 12.6 5400 65 15.4 14.2 11.8 0.02 3.20 2.0 2 5 Au Jubilee
0.81 28.3 5460 214 103 130 103 0.09 5.18 4.0 2 5 Au Jubilee
21 15.4 2710 580 446 630 510 0.11 15.40 6.7 2 5 Au Jubilee
11 21.8 4010 460 178 155 118 0.10 17.49 20.8 2 5 Au Jubilee
2 7.7 2580 560 102 148 114 0.04 5.65 1.3 2 5 Au Jubilee
135 17 5580 327 206 173 144 1.30 33.50 25.3 4 3 Au Jubilee
4.4 8.51 4900 89 124 135 110 0.01 2.66 8.4 2 5 Au Jupiter
5.26 21.7 15400 680 790 960 830 3.60 5.93 13.6 2 5 Au Jupiter
6.3 10.88 4600 107 167 177 154 0.20 16.10 12.4 2 5 Au JupiterAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 287Appendix C Table 1 Page 41 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
C-121 C_121_4 142000 2600 14000 21.0 323000 34.7 7450 1360 111000 82 58 244 19.10 69 1940 0.70 19.8 58.3
C-121 C_121_5 331 387 1700 11.0 1450 12.1 3280 1379 2260 0.8 8.4 21.6 27.50 62.6 1476 0.08 14.9 59.5
C-121 C_121_6 350 142 3250 12.0 375 63.9 3679 611 1670 0.55 8.2 20.9 28.20 550 2410 0.65 194 82.7
C-121 C_121_7 250 120 2650 15.5 410 74.4 4110 820 1160 0.72 13.3 32.2 63.00 1150 3068 1.44 446 68
C-121 C_121_2 46000 1220 6000 11.0 104000 159 6410 1620 24000 7.6 36 182 160 4780 7920 13.10 364 64.9
C-121 C_121_3 144 252 29200 16.5 1150 14.2 6620 1050 6960 2.15 90 13 117.10 380 15700 2.00 233 77
C-121 C_121_4 168 84 7000 18.0 1000 152 3660 539 1400 2.45 6.9 28 26.00 820 4360 1.60 137 44.1
C-121 C_121_5 2700 20000 48000 22.5 3430 80 8500 8400 5400 5.5 9.5 59 830 14300 10700 6.60 363 707
C-121 C_121_6 410 1510 6500 548.0 16800 52.9 7600 5310 22500 100 14.5 34 574 7800 14000 1.10 247 578
.04-89 X04_89_1 189 2180 114000 16.0 465 37.6 3743 12.3 3410 0.95 8.5 29.7 15.49 90.6 315.4 1.00 66 1470
.04-89 X04_89_1 288 5000 27000 50.0 950 67 3400 179 4340 2.3 2.8 20 23.80 135 436 0.70 64.5 1474
.04-89 X04_89_2 164 3900 210000 150.0 1250 54.5 3660 48 2650 3.15 3.9 23 15.10 67 261 0.85 71.5 1316
.04-89 X04_89_3 430 18000 177000 190.0 1500 59 4070 46 4800 2.15 2.6 20.3 15.10 53.2 259 0.70 63.5 1337
.04-89 X04_89_4 153 1290 142000 1.0 850 48 3480 10.5 2470 2.05 2.3 21 370.00 220 341 0.35 59.4 1260
.04-89 X04_89_5 400 17000 115000 39.8 1300 71 3720 184 4200 2.25 6.6 3.55 17.30 75.7 154.9 0.47 60.4 1270
.04-89 X04_89_6 530 1300 74000 105.9 1000 51 3570 190 3620 2.4 2.95 28 13.87 80.7 159 0.80 70.8 1650
.04-89 X04_89_8 254 1340 257000 78.5 1600 46.2 3380 346 2360 2.35 4.7 6.5 14.70 74.9 168.2 0.50 65.1 1480
.04-89 X04_89_9 136 357 131000 94.8 1050 44 3550 9.5 2220 2.75 3.95 26 149.00 272 445 0.90 64.3 1170
.04-89 X04_89_10 351 10600 124000 81.6 1250 47.6 3820 16 3450 1.1 3.75 17 10.10 63.3 298 0.95 70.3 1450
.04-89 X04_89_11 240 12000 147000 39.8 1250 55.3 3740 12 3800 2.35 2 13.9 101.00 161 295 0.33 74 1320
.04-89 X04_89_12 177 5800 93000 66.9 2300 41 3400 51 2760 3.1 5.5 15 15.60 105 234 1.05 49.4 960
.04-89 X04_89_13 299 5090 71600 44.3 850 49.6 4690 128 3980 2.5 3 22.8 22.80 58.6 242.6 0.75 79 1640
.04-89 X04_89_14 1350 66000 220000 49.9 1400 77 5700 150 6300 3.55 4.7 44 32.80 360 258 0.41 85 1460
.04-89 X04_89_15 530 8300 123000 39.1 1400 39.7 4540 103 4310 2.2 4.15 24.1 17.90 48.7 209 0.41 69.5 1420
.04-89 X04_89_16 470 16700 101000 1.0 1450 42.9 4990 146 3940 1.85 2.5 20.9 21.80 114 223 0.80 90 1425
.04-89 X04_89_17 1090 10500 45000 54.2 1250 50.3 4680 165 5950 1.55 2.85 39 19.00 72.6 255 0.88 87 1713
.04-89 X04_89_19 1150 55000 221000 108.8 2000 88 4210 16 9000 3 4.65 41 20.30 87 259 0.60 72 1132
.04-89 X04_89_20 270 12800 269000 36.0 1350 56.8 3630 59 3500 2.65 2.55 12 16.10 77.3 236 0.48 72.5 1355
.04-89 X04_89_21 161 1490 120000 130.0 1350 44.3 3290 12.5 2420 1.5 2.5 12.8 11.90 48.4 301 1.30 71.5 1480
.04-89 X04_89_22 440 18300 103000 35.5 1200 69 3800 66.7 3950 2.5 1.95 17.6 18.80 60.4 266 0.40 73.4 1280
VB-4 N17_06_1 554 11000 18000 9.2 1800 24.6 254 7 2860 6.5 7 42 60.20 80.2 1032 1.45 330 45.7
VB-4 N17_06_2 279 7900 20500 510.3 2550 7.5 851 158 850000 38 285 191 22.80 263 1273 1.55 149 850
VB-4 N17_06_8 530 13200 94000 23.5 2050 82 272 39 3120 3.4 4.7 24 34.30 591 888 0.85 236 580
VB-4 N17_06_10 980 29000 56000 49.0 1550 34.9 686 36 4870 2.45 5.5 50 24.90 48.7 916 1.50 404 528
VB-4 N17_06_11 569 14100 24000 16.0 1850 85 1335 373 8500 1.65 4.65 840 380.00 178 942 0.65 3940 5430
VB-4 N17_06_13 181 1720 15000 1.8 1550 31.5 40.8 41.5 3700 6.5 6 6 35.30 43.2 621 0.41 166 41.3
VB-4 N17_06_14 1410 77000 76000 355.0 2200 17.1 612 897 397000 127 109 83 27.00 39.3 547 1.15 917 1680
VB-4 N17_06_15 490 22300 175000 96.0 2000 128.68 627 641 81000 56 27 152 26.40 128.2 1065 0.37 359 3380
VB-4 N17_06_16 2030 68700 131000 6.3 2250 32.8 469 261 2580 5.5 7 53 26.10 54.4 762 0.45 746 320
VB-4 N17_06_17 272 5010 14000 2.1 1850 25.1 1281 1580 1890 6.5 7 91 32.10 1340 591 0.80 770 483
VB-4 N17_06_18 491 14800 55000 3.0 1550 18.4 258 70 2820 5 6 8 74.50 68.4 710 0.70 572 440
VB-4 N17_06_19 648 38700 53000 1.9 1850 29.2 397 191 2700 3.25 10 36 56.00 54.5 1200 0.48 843 168
VB-4 N17_06_20 319 8470 13500 1.7 1550 19.6 157 50 1870 6.5 7.5 26 36.10 56.4 1286 0.75 294 43.2
VB-4 N17_06_21 540 27200 12500 1.5 1100 19.5 520 290 2470 4.1 7 19 33.00 12.7 675 0.65 940 69
VB-4 N17_06_22 161 1130 18500 2.5 1650 16.7 1150 1307 1020 4.4 7 29 2.07 10.8 574 0.90 578 78.6288 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 42 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
C-121 C_121_4
C-121 C_121_5
C-121 C_121_6
C-121 C_121_7
C-121 C_121_2
C-121 C_121_3
C-121 C_121_4
C-121 C_121_5
C-121 C_121_6
.04-89 X04_89_1
.04-89 X04_89_1
.04-89 X04_89_2
.04-89 X04_89_3
.04-89 X04_89_4
.04-89 X04_89_5
.04-89 X04_89_6
.04-89 X04_89_8
.04-89 X04_89_9
.04-89 X04_89_10
.04-89 X04_89_11
.04-89 X04_89_12
.04-89 X04_89_13
.04-89 X04_89_14
.04-89 X04_89_15
.04-89 X04_89_16
.04-89 X04_89_17
.04-89 X04_89_19
.04-89 X04_89_20
.04-89 X04_89_21
.04-89 X04_89_22
VB-4 N17_06_1
VB-4 N17_06_2
VB-4 N17_06_8
VB-4 N17_06_10
VB-4 N17_06_11
VB-4 N17_06_13
VB-4 N17_06_14
VB-4 N17_06_15
VB-4 N17_06_16
VB-4 N17_06_17
VB-4 N17_06_18
VB-4 N17_06_19
VB-4 N17_06_20
VB-4 N17_06_21
VB-4 N17_06_22Hf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
6.9 13.9 1700 190 187 213 184 0.17 5.98 6.5 2 5 Au Jupiter
7.9 11.29 3680 114 156 167 141 0.04 4.19 8.6 2 5 Au Jupiter
15.6 59.7 1360 58 68 32.3 25.5 0.01 25.60 61.0 4 3 Au Jupiter
28.6 64 508 36 168 100 78.4 0.01 58 120.0 4 3 Au Jupiter
133 291 7300 205 788 355 415 350 970 4240.0 4 3 Au Jupiter
34.9 469 6600 115 112 109 165.7 3.50 299 7.8 1 5 Au Jupiter
17 145 1370 53 135 69 77 0.36 45 870.0 4 3 Au Jupiter
560 419 13100 330 1430 631 440 310 1360 599.0 4 3 Au Jupiter
250 291 6800 289 1110 515 558 340 1310 509.0 4 3 Au Jupiter
7.34 22.2 3360 50 95.2 90.5 73.7 0.01 3.78 9.5 2 4 Au Kalgoorlie
9 64.5 2730 89 106.6 92.8 73.4 0.50 5.40 12.1 2 4 Au Kalgoorlie
4.7 14.9 2750 98 81.8 84.2 65.9 1.05 3.55 9.4 2 4 Au Kalgoorlie
3.7 12.2 2750 83 89.3 74.5 60.1 0.60 3.32 10.7 2 4 Au Kalgoorlie
15 20.2 2570 41 72.5 66.3 52 0.19 2.55 8.3 2 4 Au Kalgoorlie
4.6 3.17 2600 70 85.6 82.8 62 0.23 3.23 10.6 2 4 Au Kalgoorlie
5.5 4.15 2710 83 96 88 70.5 0.65 3.16 10.7 2 4 Au Kalgoorlie
4.8 4.84 2540 37 71 59.9 53 0.75 3.04 8.7 2 4 Au Kalgoorlie
12.7 18.1 2630 95 79 72.2 55.3 0.60 3.31 10.2 2 4 Au Kalgoorlie
6.3 38.1 2790 65 77.8 62.2 48.5 0.90 2.31 11.0 2 4 Au Kalgoorlie
7.4 18.4 2690 25 81.7 73 55.1 0.70 2.95 12.1 2 4 Au Kalgoorlie
8.7 5.8 2270 35.5 66 69.5 52.3 0.85 3.17 11.9 2 4 Au Kalgoorlie
5.8 9 3080 160 128 101.3 76.7 0.30 5.34 18.7 2 4 Au Kalgoorlie
13 8.4 2970 110 119 89 75.3 0.65 3.65 16.3 2 4 Au Kalgoorlie
3.3 7.7 2620 96 96.8 80.1 69.8 0.39 4.30 15.0 2 4 Au Kalgoorlie
6 7.82 2790 76 103.7 84.1 63.8 0.60 4.40 16.7 2 4 Au Kalgoorlie
4.6 9.9 2990 137 135.3 111.6 89.8 0.48 4.70 17.0 2 4 Au Kalgoorlie
3.9 14 2800 118 90 83 67.1 2.10 3.90 13.4 2 4 Au Kalgoorlie
4 7.6 2550 49 88.4 78.2 64.4 0.75 2.56 8.9 2 4 Au Kalgoorlie
3.3 20.8 2500 88 90 78 63 0.60 2.35 8.6 2 4 Au Kalgoorlie
3.3 18.2 3090 58 80.2 69.1 57 0.47 4.34 8.8 2 4 Au Kalgoorlie
16.8 71.8 3550 9 34.5 31.7 32.2 0.13 14.10 4.5 3 3 VHMS Nimbus, sph veins in dacite
29.1 45.2 3250 180 570 700 580 5.50 52.10 17.4 2 4 VHMS Nimbus, sph veins in dacite
22.2 50.7 3650 24 139 120 160 3.70 28.40 13.2 3 3 VHMS Nimbus, sph veins in dacite
7.6 54 4780 230 970 1130 1320 5.30 17.00 5.6 2 5 VHMS Nimbus, sph veins in dacite
14.2 68.5 12710 450 2610 2430 3470 7.90 171.00 41.7 2 5 VHMS Nimbus, sph veins in dacite
10.3 44.8 1040 40.74 40 24 24.3 0.32 2.46 1.9 3 3 VHMS Nimbus, sph veins in dacite
3.7 25.7 1290 739.07 2250 1520 1790 22.90 30.30 15.3 2 5 VHMS Nimbus, sph veins in dacite
17.3 40.5 1676 221.12 533 303 359 3.80 55.80 27.1 2 5 VHMS Nimbus, sph veins in dacite
10.7 39 2920 26.41 110 52 66 0.43 18.40 9.4 2 5 VHMS Nimbus, sph veins in dacite
28.8 34.5 2170 24.67 75 51 61.5 0.28 21.40 14.5 2 5 VHMS Nimbus, sph veins in dacite
13.1 42.5 2820 30.86 50 25.6 27.9 0.44 12.50 7.1 2 5 VHMS Nimbus, sph veins in dacite
12.6 69.9 3090 283.51 2060 1430 1650 0.47 13.30 4.9 2 5 VHMS Nimbus, sph veins in dacite
3.9 71.7 1560 33.85 37.7 18.7 21.4 0.26 5.80 4.5 3 3 VHMS Nimbus, sph veins in dacite
2.7 52.7 3530 24.48 44 20.2 22.8 0.26 9.20 6.6 2 5 VHMS Nimbus, sph veins in dacite
0.85 38.3 1180 7.19 22.5 10.6 10.5 0.21 4.39 2.8 2 5 VHMS Nimbus, sph veins in daciteAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 289Appendix C Table 1 Page 43 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
VB-4 N17_06_23 203 9200 17000 35.9 1550 23.7 927 1090 36000 5 25 61 14.20 13 599 0.25 840 540
VB-4 N17_06_24 296 6040 304000 9.0 3950 36 823 1750 3960 6.5 15.5 250 40.20 125.5 1233 2.20 163 4850
VB-4 N17_06_25 381 13900 164000 5.0 2100 25.9 740 940 3230 3.2 8.5 167 30.40 138 1890 1.40 213 2760
119617 N17_16_1 144 34.5 20500 5.0 1850 5.5 901 9410 310 1.8 6 8 0.62 259 372 1.35 28.5 116
119617 N17_16_2 164 1610 19500 5.5 1500 3.55 1168 12010 250 1.95 5.5 9 0.26 242 331 1.30 25.8 111.9
119617 N17_16_3 175 650 14500 4.5 1650 4.35 1236 12650 215 1.85 6 6.5 0.42 258 371 1.80 26.9 138
119617 N17_16_4 126 27 18500 4.3 1500 3.8 1123 11680 245 2.1 6 6.5 0.33 253 378 2.10 25.6 133.2
119617 N17_16_5 350 42100 109000 7.5 10500 5.5 1008 10540 2740 2.1 8.5 8.5 0.48 206 330 1.80 22.1 98
119617 N17_16_6 120 27 19500 4.8 1600 4.45 1034 9690 245 2 7.5 10 0.36 251.7 384 1.05 25.3 109
119617 N17_16_7 62000 48000 59000 5.5 1750 5.5 1146 13200 50000 16 6.5 59 2.50 122 275 1.70 18.2 43
119617 N17_16_9 5800 680 22000 5.0 1650 3.95 1189 10110 4000 2.45 6.5 9.5 88.00 255 390 1.35 25.5 116
119617 N17_16_10 146 39.5 13500 4.3 1650 3.75 1011 10560 275 1.6 7 6 8.90 1200 395 0.65 24.9 115.2
119617 N17_16_11 45000 31000 18000 5.0 2100 5.5 1178 13900 37000 13 9.5 33 0.47 132 313 1.45 24.7 47.6
119617 N17_16_12 62000 12900 147000 6.5 8700 4.6 943 13700 46000 8.6 7 46 4.10 224 418 1.15 26.2 81
119617 N17_16_13 495 8860 17500 2.7 2200 4.65 975 9235 275 3.55 7.5 7.5 0.40 246.2 400 0.70 48 102
119617 N17_16_15 13300 1360 47000 2.6 1550 4.75 1041 12704 6300 18 4.95 13.8 0.98 227 369 0.50 44.4 90.3
119617 N17_16_16 137 32 12500 2.5 10300 4.7 858 13645 230 9.5 4.55 5 1.44 263 415 0.95 49 117.4
119617 N17_16_17 138 28.5 14000 2.0 1100 3.55 1018 17921 230 6.5 5.5 7.5 0.27 242.4 374 0.75 57.4 130
104369 N17_18_2 165 39 24500 9.5 1500 48.6 1037 960 5210 7.9 6.5 6.5 18.70 36.4 529 0.60 535 115.7
104369 N17_18_3 141 34 16000 6.0 1850 44.2 997 921 5060 4.8 6 8 10.60 121 680 1.40 502 97.1
104369 N17_18_4 1190 1310 18500 185.0 1250 55.4 1714 892 61000 34 6.5 4.95 28.40 99 1121 148.00 631 136.6
104369 N17_18_5 1780 1290 21000 9.0 1400 46.1 1376 765 6100 3.6 17 11 14.20 262.2 414 1.65 527 69.1
104369 N17_18_6 5200 275 15000 1.3 11400 38.4 1378 619 7800 3.3 4.75 16 4.20 157.3 254 3.30 310 53
104369 N17_18_7 347 300 20500 4.5 1400 38.4 1239 71 6500 2.7 3.9 6 3.60 358 239 2.90 243 24
104369 N17_18_8 870 2720 53000 0.1 3600 48.3 1910 273 5400 6.5 4.95 7 37.00 243 772 0.28 501 110
104369 N17_18_9 9390 7690 24500 3.2 1700 40.1 1963 330 16600 27.9 5.5 65 71.70 121 516 0.50 497 170
104369 N17_18_10 5770 5070 27500 0.1 1500 34.2 2080 186 14180 14.3 10.5 36 51.90 88 581 0.26 520 177
104369 N17_18_11 311 860 23000 0.7 1500 37.4 1415 47 4260 3.6 3.85 7 8.10 136 473 0.55 405 72.8
104369 N17_18_12 2410 28200 76000 1.7 21200 48.3 1684 254 12100 4.85 6 9 38.80 77.1 567 1.20 436 162
104369 N17_18_1 233 93 6500 1.4 550 28.6 1512 2520 7710 1.35 220 12.7 2.35 96.5 2910 25.90 605 62.6
103275 N17_19_1 156 96 25000 1.8 1550 17.7 1846 215 3750 3.4 3.8 6.5 4.60 10.17 452 0.34 10.7 10.7
103275 N17_19_3 216 1080 19500 0.1 1600 4.25 1530 490 3510 2.8 4.55 209 4.30 609 440 0.70 115 31.9
103275 N17_19_4 153 73 17500 1.2 1550 4.05 1241 12 2050 2.15 4.4 4.25 1.18 7.87 65.4 1.30 5.8 20.2
103275 N17_19_5 1300 17500 96000 78.1 52000 58 396 380 28000 15.7 6 78 147.00 816 4.9 0.39 4.3 8.5
103275 N17_19_6 651 13400 33000 469.2 3800 124 1125 182 99990 23.6 19.5 163 899.00 6280 9.5 2.50 11 557
103275 N17_19_8 3730 9900 31500 282.5 1950 82 720 232 60000 22 25 54 720.00 136 10.1 1.70 9.4 25.8
103275 N17_19_9 2540 67000 84000 2.5 2550 33 1760 526 7500 6 7.5 23 2.10 58 431 1.30 37.3 111
109271 N17_15_1 2580 3010 15500 3.1 1550 33.2 260 89 7720 8 7 7 14.80 1253 2251 0.40 4.7 1.4
109271 N17_15_2 225 430 12500 1.9 1700 38.5 307 43 6340 4.2 6 13.6 17.00 1830 3030 0.25 9.9 2.3
109271 N17_15_3 253 320 12500 2.1 1750 36.2 307 45 2960 7.5 6 8.5 25.10 1275 1948 0.55 1.9 1.15
109271 N17_15_4 173 263 31000 2.4 1600 39.9 1523 49 2390 6.5 4.75 7.5 151.00 843 2182 0.85 53 3.7
109271 N17_15_5 134 661 16500 2.2 1300 36.9 1580 84 3040 4.4 5 8.5 336.00 1052 2190 1.15 76 7.7
109271 N17_15_1 171 343 4900 1.8 500 17 413 33.9 5340 1.55 3.3 5.5 10.10 1182 3910 0.70 62.8 1.85
109271 N17_15_2 160 260 13000 3.1 5200 28.3 1772 412 2020 1.3 3.75 11.5 108.60 1548 3570 0.90 311 2.5
109271 N17_15_3 249 1100 19000 3.0 600 52.2 1970 116 8210 1.1 3 10.4 300.00 595 2325 0.44 294 6.7290 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 44 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
VB-4 N17_06_23
VB-4 N17_06_24
VB-4 N17_06_25
119617 N17_16_1
119617 N17_16_2
119617 N17_16_3
119617 N17_16_4
119617 N17_16_5
119617 N17_16_6
119617 N17_16_7
119617 N17_16_9
119617 N17_16_10
119617 N17_16_11
119617 N17_16_12
119617 N17_16_13
119617 N17_16_15
119617 N17_16_16
119617 N17_16_17
104369 N17_18_2
104369 N17_18_3
104369 N17_18_4
104369 N17_18_5
104369 N17_18_6
104369 N17_18_7
104369 N17_18_8
104369 N17_18_9
104369 N17_18_10
104369 N17_18_11
104369 N17_18_12
104369 N17_18_1
103275 N17_19_1
103275 N17_19_3
103275 N17_19_4
103275 N17_19_5
103275 N17_19_6
103275 N17_19_8
103275 N17_19_9
109271 N17_15_1
109271 N17_15_2
109271 N17_15_3
109271 N17_15_4
109271 N17_15_5
109271 N17_15_1
109271 N17_15_2
109271 N17_15_3Hf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
1.55 29.2 1084 237.14 297 210 240 3.90 7.20 2.8 2 5 VHMS Nimbus, sph veins in dacite
9.9 52.1 4360 36.5 278 180 200 0.31 89.70 30.5 2 5 VHMS Nimbus, sph veins in dacite
10 69.7 2380 76 225 162 192 0.55 60.30 24.4 2 5 VHMS Nimbus, sph veins in dacite
12.2 8.2 2550 16.5 37.9 21.3 1.85 0.09 0.35 21.7 2 2 Au Hopes Hill
15.4 23.1 5500 20 49.5 18.7 2.2 0.12 1.84 26.6 2 2 Au Hopes Hill
13.9 17.4 5280 27.5 45.7 15.4 2.35 0.07 0.41 20.2 2 2 Au Hopes Hill
15.6 16.7 4230 18.5 42.4 14.5 1.6 0.08 0.32 21.9 2 2 Au Hopes Hill
12.3 37.4 4590 40 50.8 29 11.3 0.16 0.75 18.0 2 5 Au Hopes Hill
14.4 9.9 3670 23 38.8 13.7 2.3 0.07 0.34 18.3 2 2 Au Hopes Hill
2.05 13.1 5600 18 29.1 12 2.4 0.08 0.42 13.1 2 5 Au Hopes Hill
14 6.54 2510 19.5 105 33.8 244 0.04 730.00 47.8 2 5 Au Hopes Hill
47 17.5 4470 18 58.1 16.8 7.4 0.08 4.70 25.2 2 2 Au Hopes Hill
5.8 17.7 7760 22 31 10.1 2.85 0.50 0.65 17.1 2 5 Au Hopes Hill
15.7 14.6 3120 22 26.1 10.6 2.3 0.12 1.09 19.4 2 5 Au Hopes Hill
17.3 10.5 3370 45.5 44 12.2 1.6 0.08 0.27 17.6 2 2 Au Hopes Hill
12.2 13.3 2890 43.5 42.7 7.5 1.3 0.06 0.26 19.8 2 5 Au Hopes Hill
13.7 5.3 2200 44.5 46 10.1 1.85 0.09 0.26 21.7 2 2 Au Hopes Hill
12.3 29.3 4120 37 51.5 8.9 1.6 0.07 0.35 20.4 2 2 Au Hopes Hill
1.45 11.4 4330 45.24 20.8 45.2 44.4 0.14 33.90 1.9 2 5 Au Victory-Defiance
7 14.2 3280 13.00 19.6 31.5 29.2 0.17 24.70 3.1 2 5 Au Victory-Defiance
8.3 31.1 3230 100.60 146 276 238 2.56 46.60 4.7 4 5 Au Victory-Defiance
11.8 8.8 658 7 32.4 54 54.2 0.38 18.70 2.5 1 5 Au Victory-Defiance
7 7.6 1150 28.5 38.2 39.1 21.3 0.18 12.30 11.8 1 5 Au Victory-Defiance
11 7.4 221 34.5 41.5 58.7 25.6 0.04 8.10 7.8 1 3 Au Victory-Defiance
19.3 29.9 4140 35 116 156 79 0.16 70.00 21.9 2 5 Au Victory-Defiance
8.2 18 6120 78 270 308 141.5 0.39 53.00 53.7 2 5 Au Victory-Defiance
6.6 15 6180 27 170 169 68.2 0.40 31.30 46.7 2 5 Au Victory-Defiance
7.8 12.1 1920 28 39.3 53 23.6 0.17 18.80 8.4 2 5 Au Victory-Defiance
7.4 31.8 5740 50 116 180 85.7 0.17 44.70 17.2 2 5 Au Victory-Defiance
5.8 161 2140 4.2 54 19.6 13.6 0.37 6.60 13.6 4 5 Au Victory-Defiance
1.45 19.7 5650 29 6.2 10.1 4 0.19 0.94 1.1 2 5 Au Sons of Gwalia
19.1 15.6 4860 84 94 196 91 0.11 1.53 1.6 2 4 Au Sons of Gwalia
1 3.39 1120 32.5 2.39 4.5 1.4 0.19 0.30 1.3 2 5 Au Sons of Gwalia
20.7 11.31 8100 55 95 173 81 0.16 1.40 6.0 2 4 Au Sons of Gwalia
198 0.56 3130 720 3050 4260 3420 3.89 21.50 29.6 2 4 Au Sons of Gwalia
2.6 2.43 3230 313 1375 1940 1593 0.51 0.55 1.8 2 4 Au Sons of Gwalia
2.4 15.3 3560 7 14.8 15 13.9 0.13 0.31 2.1 4 5 Au Sons of Gwalia
135 114.4 196 55 60 40.5 54.7 0.07 23.70 19.7 1 3 Au Lady Bountiful
187 175 8200 31.5 39.2 32.7 42.7 0.05 12.20 1.6 1 3 Au Lady Bountiful
163 67.7 680 33 17 16.9 12.6 0.08 1.54 1.6 1 3 Au Lady Bountiful
66.9 47.4 1770 42 55.8 36.3 32.7 0.07 8.00 13.1 1 3 Au Lady Bountiful
110 111.9 3240 35 80.4 63.6 61.7 0.06 18.70 15.2 1 3 Au Lady Bountiful
74.7 194.9 3030 24.5 42.4 37.3 29.3 2.10 0.11 5.9 1 3 Au Lady Bountiful
195 177.9 100 43 36.1 32.7 33.9 4.70 19.70 6.6 1 3 Au Lady Bountiful
55.2 72.9 14500 41.5 101.9 102.8 110.8 9.20 58.20 13.4 1 3 Au Lady BountifulAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 291Appendix C Table 1 Page 45 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
109271 N17_15_4 148 670 17000 2.9 800 44.3 1176 96.5 2890 1.15 3.4 5 294.00 1172 2755 0.70 524 5.8
109271 N17_15_5 227 550 9500 2.9 750 27.7 317.7 45.4 4070 1.4 2.75 5.5 41.60 1177 2195 0.95 98 0.6
109271 N17_15_6 193 423 12000 3.2 800 82.4 646 82 3010 1.85 4.25 6 146.00 1600 2119 0.60 202 0.8
109271 N17_15_7 146 123 25000 5.3 600 54.2 847 108 2200 1.25 3.75 4.95 22.90 1007 2406 0.60 285 4.2
109271 N17_15_8 271 263 16000 2.9 850 49.3 774 63.7 1960 1 3.6 6 21.20 873 1652 1.00 228 2.98
109271 N17_15_9 284 513 12000 3.1 7400 56 705 36.7 5510 0.365 3.5 5.5 108.00 2147 4510 0.28 202 392
109271 N17_15_10 312 462 9000 2.5 750 19.5 366 60.4 3940 1.4 3 9.6 2.10 1373 2670 0.95 225 173
109271 N17_15_11 164 275 9500 5.5 650 57.1 920 93 2540 2.8 3.5 8.5 76.00 1414 2633 0.80 45.1 2.39
109271 N17_15_12 385 2880 42000 6.0 800 54.8 641 106 2950 3.3 4.15 3.45 17.10 1327 2231 0.70 51.8 8.5
109271 N17_15_13 400 1110 11500 6.5 950 34.2 399 96 3180 7.6 4.05 5.5 107.30 1327 2069 1.00 61.4 2.01
109271 N17_15_14 182 376 10500 6.0 600 20.2 377 39.2 2860 1.4 2.85 4.9 32.00 944 2220 0.85 37.6 5.8
109271 N17_15_15 1090 2900 20000 3.4 600 43.6 1864 35.5 5100 1.6 4.2 10.6 69.80 995 2228 0.47 278 3.7
109271 N17_15_16 760 5700 109000 6.0 750 39.2 1675 37 3850 2.25 3.25 17.2 221.00 1238 2595 0.50 271 8.8
109271 N17_15_18 171 229 7000 3.9 550 99.1 1216 446 3190 1.9 3.5 4.9 84.80 676 1447 0.59 82 2.69
109271 N17_15_19 780 2270 11500 5.5 700 78.4 1738 247 11600 4.3 3.05 11.8 347.00 827 2705 0.60 40.3 3.1
109271 N17_15_20 249 702 10000 5.5 800 59.5 1285 46.7 5970 1.55 4.2 4.1 156.00 1071 3206 0.47 30.6 4.14
109271 N17_15_21 207 539 4400 3.3 600 151 1236 283 1880 3.05 3.45 3.35 273.00 167.5 826 0.47 163 8.1
119617 N17_16_2 134 12.5 6500 2.2 405 1.4 1046 15480 570 2.8 2.65 5 0.14 278 353 0.75 37.6 84.8
119617 N17_16_3 153 13 9500 3.1 600 33.1 1059 13690 570 2 2.75 4.85 74.00 8700 352 0.70 418 78.7
119617 N17_16_4 149 82 5500 3.9 650 7.4 1183 14120 390 1.95 2.4 3.2 19.60 1700 375 2.40 381 95.7
119617 N17_16_5 152 11 11500 4.4 600 1.7 1305 14280 690 2.15 2.8 10.5 0.21 228.6 336 2.60 381 51
119617 N17_16_6 145 14 13600 2.2 395 1.5 1039 12480 320 3.7 2.05 4.1 0.13 250 345 1.51 370 88.6
119617 N17_16_7 221 58 7000 49.0 650 3.7 1027 13310 29000 210 2.7 2.7 0.15 232.2 294 1.81 443 66.2
119617 N17_16_8 157 15 7500 3.6 550 1.95 1175 13920 340 2.2 3.1 9.9 0.15 260.3 343 0.70 423 56.1
119617 N17_16_9 3930 2570 10000 4.7 550 1.85 1284 13900 5300 20 14.6 10.9 0.76 256.1 339.7 2.30 395 53.3
119617 N17_16_11 142 16.5 6000 3.0 550 1.55 1028 12790 450 1.95 2.1 8 0.16 224 339 2.40 354 55
119617 N17_16_13 460 18600 73700 4.8 3450 2.1 1181 13860 2120 1.45 3.15 7.6 0.61 178.8 371 0.75 438 49.2
119617 N17_16_14 9300 3600 16000 3.7 500 2.15 1278 14070 5700 11.5 2.15 29 0.53 217.9 332 2.00 438 48.5
119617 N17_16_15 170 15.5 6000 3.2 650 1.55 944 12900 420 1.85 1.8 4.95 0.16 245 378 1.69 391 90.9
119617 N17_16_16 7700 2500 27000 2.8 550 1.85 959 11350 4600 8.1 2.7 10.8 1.38 274 380 0.65 42.2 92.1
119617 N17_16_17 143 14 5000 3.2 500 2.35 1132 12820 580 1.3 2.7 9.6 0.20 187.7 335 0.60 41.9 48.4
119617 N17_16_18 146 12 4750 2.9 650 1.95 951 11190 630 1.1 2.85 8.2 0.30 233.9 418 1.79 45.7 88.2
119617 N17_16_1 136 10 3600 2.2 500 1.8 1311 14510 623 0.9 2.5 11.3 0.09 231.9 323 1.64 23.1 45.4
119617 N17_16_2 129 11 3000 1.9 335 0.95 1002 12720 470 0.39 3 9 0.05 241.2 362 2.19 22.1 71.4
N17-24 N17_24_1 159 45 8500 2.1 650 296 5390 4820 2870 1.45 2.5 4.4 0.44 1131 1116 3.60 139 768
N17-24 N17_24_2 142 17.5 7000 2.4 650 193.1 5650 5130 2930 2.1 3 5 0.69 895 1196 3.20 152 681
N17-24 N17_24_3 147 36 6000 2.3 600 151 5440 4880 2760 1.7 2.6 5 0.14 843 1083 4.20 125 852
N17-24 N17_24_4 153 15.5 5000 2.1 500 192 5540 5120 2770 1.95 1.8 18.5 0.29 835 1067 3.80 134 773
N17-24 N17_24_5 152 37 14000 2.3 750 87.5 4160 1543 2160 1.2 2.3 4.95 0.41 479 403 5.10 196 2960
N17-24 N17_24_6 127 17.5 10000 2.0 650 70.3 4150 1536 1730 1.75 2.35 4.9 0.36 576 415 3.70 219 2840
N17-24 N17_24_7 140 50 6500 2.2 460 133.2 6110 2059 1940 2.6 2.45 10.2 0.19 900 1128 4.20 210 1346
N17-24 N17_24_8 145 64 8000 2.3 500 144.2 5970 2080 1710 2.3 2 12.7 0.20 950 1080 4.60 188 1630
N17-24 N17_24_9 146 15 7000 2.1 600 193 7770 3150 1650 1.35 1.95 4.2 0.15 887 1292 4.90 159 1900
N17-24 N17_24_10 137 37 30000 2.0 600 198 7650 3090 1690 2 2.25 9.3 0.27 932 1230 5.60 153 1330
N17-24 N17_24_11 135 48 10500 2.1 550 128 7870 3110 1610 1.8 5.1 9.3 15.10 842 1219 2.94 152 2060292 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 46 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
109271 N17_15_4
109271 N17_15_5
109271 N17_15_6
109271 N17_15_7
109271 N17_15_8
109271 N17_15_9
109271 N17_15_10
109271 N17_15_11
109271 N17_15_12
109271 N17_15_13
109271 N17_15_14
109271 N17_15_15
109271 N17_15_16
109271 N17_15_18
109271 N17_15_19
109271 N17_15_20
109271 N17_15_21
119617 N17_16_2
119617 N17_16_3
119617 N17_16_4
119617 N17_16_5
119617 N17_16_6
119617 N17_16_7
119617 N17_16_8
119617 N17_16_9
119617 N17_16_11
119617 N17_16_13
119617 N17_16_14
119617 N17_16_15
119617 N17_16_16
119617 N17_16_17
119617 N17_16_18
119617 N17_16_1
119617 N17_16_2
N17-24 N17_24_1
N17-24 N17_24_2
N17-24 N17_24_3
N17-24 N17_24_4
N17-24 N17_24_5
N17-24 N17_24_6
N17-24 N17_24_7
N17-24 N17_24_8
N17-24 N17_24_9
N17-24 N17_24_10
N17-24 N17_24_11Hf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
113 149.9 683 31 90.7 82.8 78.9 2.50 38.60 15.4 1 3 Au Lady Bountiful
94 71.6 1330 57 24 27.9 22.1 0.90 1.46 1.6 1 3 Au Lady Bountiful
133 111.9 773 24 52.9 42.4 34.1 5.50 4.46 7.8 1 3 Au Lady Bountiful
69.9 81.9 38 29 23.4 14.2 26.2 4.50 44.60 6.8 1 3 Au Lady Bountiful
69.2 51.7 146 38 24.8 13 14.9 5.70 14.70 6.1 1 3 Au Lady Bountiful
148 373 3110 216 152 161 157 3.10 47.20 46.8 3 3 Au Lady Bountiful
88.7 133.3 794 124 87.6 125.4 108.7 7.10 0.68 0.7 3 3 Au Lady Bountiful
136.4 175 307 30 74.1 51 140 0.24 161.00 8.5 1 3 Au Lady Bountiful
111.8 83.9 303 20 22.7 17.2 18.1 0.16 5.29 2.4 1 3 Au Lady Bountiful
107.8 143.3 417 22.5 71 41.3 161 0.21 360.00 100.0 1 3 Au Lady Bountiful
79 156 606 27 25 22.7 34.1 0.17 45.20 1.7 1 3 Au Lady Bountiful
88 131.2 1380 38.5 107 34.2 43 0.23 58.00 31.7 1 3 Au Lady Bountiful
109.2 149 187 43 228 73 177 0.25 450.00 81.0 1 3 Au Lady Bountiful
95.6 79 3480 21 35.1 24.2 60.5 0.20 93.70 4.2 1 3 Au Lady Bountiful
77.1 179 12850 27 79.4 69.4 112.1 0.12 136.20 7.4 1 3 Au Lady Bountiful
86.5 146.6 6070 19 73.5 66.6 75.7 0.24 28.10 6.4 1 3 Au Lady Bountiful
22.7 67.3 2100 19.5 339 119 99.1 0.15 94.00 103.7 4 3 Au Lady Bountiful
15.4 10.37 3500 5.5 69.3 9.5 0.55 0.09 0.13 18.0 2 2 Au Hopes Hill
273 12.2 5120 4.1 166 31.5 10.5 0.04 30.90 49.0 2 2 Au Hopes Hill
63 6 2718 5 73.7 12.7 1.91 0.06 5.80 22.2 2 2 Au Hopes Hill
16.2 7.58 7770 3.95 70.4 10.7 0.85 0.03 0.12 21.8 2 2 Au Hopes Hill
13.1 1.1 2090 4.6 55.4 7.9 0.7 0.07 0.16 17.0 2 2 Au Hopes Hill
12.6 5.1 5460 4.35 64.9 13.7 3.7 0.22 0.15 20.3 2 2 Au Hopes Hill
12.9 10.49 7480 2.7 70.4 14.6 0.55 0.02 0.17 20.7 2 2 Au Hopes Hill
14 12.3 6790 4.7 66.6 15.2 1.5 0.06 0.17 21.2 2 2 Au Hopes Hill
16 13 5870 5 58.7 13.5 0.55 0.03 0.15 19.3 2 2 Au Hopes Hill
12 18.1 5800 4.05 70.8 16.2 6.9 0.06 1.71 23.8 2 2 Au Hopes Hill
12.4 19 8740 5 69.1 13.1 0.6 0.17 0.15 21.6 2 2 Au Hopes Hill
15.5 5.16 2390 4 65.2 12 0.85 0.03 0.38 19.7 2 2 Au Hopes Hill
12.7 24.4 4580 23 60.5 11.5 0.85 0.12 0.57 22.2 2 5 Au Hopes Hill
8.1 9.3 7470 17.5 54.5 17 0.65 0.06 0.14 19.4 2 2 Au Hopes Hill
12.5 5.17 1909 20.5 56.6 12 0.65 0.04 0.12 21.8 2 2 Au Hopes Hill
11.6 11.65 8600 14 53.7 11.2 0.315 0.04 0.06 21.9 2 2 Au Hopes Hill
11.7 9.87 2394 16 52 10.9 0.265 0.10 0.06 21.3 2 2 Au Hopes Hill
58 48.7 8730 21 203 38.1 2.7 0.06 0.13 84.1 2 2 Au Tropicana, Boston Shaker
49.7 48.5 9020 13.5 234 47.3 0.85 0.06 0.18 86.0 2 2 Au Tropicana, Boston Shaker
40.6 45.2 8690 22 184 34.3 0.75 0.04 0.17 79.6 2 2 Au Tropicana, Boston Shaker
44.7 48.7 9170 14 197 35.5 0.7 0.06 0.14 84.5 2 2 Au Tropicana, Boston Shaker
20.3 7.61 2250 19 118.5 22.7 0.9 0.08 0.14 49.3 2 2 Au Tropicana, Boston Shaker
28.2 7.29 2730 8 98.7 17.5 0.65 0.08 0.13 45.4 2 2 Au Tropicana, Boston Shaker
48.5 41.9 3860 12.5 138.6 24.5 0.75 0.04 0.16 60.0 2 2 Au Tropicana, Boston Shaker
52.7 46 3850 18 140 30.1 0.95 0.04 0.14 58.2 2 2 Au Tropicana, Boston Shaker
52.2 55.4 6430 24.5 205 37.9 0.8 0.05 0.12 77.0 2 2 Au Tropicana, Boston Shaker
50.6 51.4 6150 13.5 181.3 35.9 0.75 0.06 0.11 73.4 2 2 Au Tropicana, Boston Shaker
51.2 56.8 6860 14 153.8 28.7 2.3 0.05 0.09 75.0 2 2 Au Tropicana, Boston ShakerAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 293Appendix C Table 1 Page 47 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
N17-24 N17_24_12 128 12 10000 2.3 650 193 7600 3070 1400 1.5 1.85 3.65 0.14 947 1312 4.40 149 1137
N17-24 N17_24_13 130 16 10000 7.5 550 138.5 4800 3400 920 1.2 1.95 10.3 1.82 1040 344 1.38 86.8 1071
N17-24 N17_24_14 143 16.5 12000 6.5 495 157 4518 3482 920 1.75 2.4 8.6 1.11 1029 290 0.80 82.9 1012
N17-24 N17_24_15 122 14.5 8000 6.0 650 230 7610 5860 2090 0.85 2.15 3.85 0.14 1168 1518 4.90 84.8 506
N17-24 N17_24_16 128 15 8500 6.0 600 232 8110 6030 2120 2.1 2.55 11.5 0.39 1102 1483 5.60 88.2 896
N17-24 N17_24_17 145 46 10000 5.5 750 280 9810 7200 970 1.85 2.65 6 0.28 2369 1279 4.70 70.3 494
N17-24 N17_24_18 125 62 5000 6.0 700 238 7760 5140 1770 1.8 2 3.35 0.15 1395 1509 2.50 125 2940
N17-24 N17_24_19 141 82 6000 6.5 650 232 7540 5510 1730 2.65 5.4 10.8 0.32 1357 1535 1.74 134 3460
N17-24 N17_24_20 143 17.5 11000 2.7 650 209 9480 4250 1940 1.5 3.1 4.35 0.33 872 895 4.90 119.2 472
N17-24 N17_24_21 140 36 8500 4.0 700 221 9440 4360 2340 1.65 3.05 4.9 0.16 884 889 6.30 107.5 351
N17-24 N17_24_22 142 14.5 9500 4.2 700 105.4 7040 5230 2580 0.91 2.9 10.9 0.18 908 859 9.00 142.8 1980
N17-24 N17_24_23 127 17.5 7500 3.8 650 293 8390 4480 1570 2.1 3.3 3.3 0.18 1229 1310 2.50 71.6 401
N17-24 N17_24_24 153 36 10000 3.4 600 147 8250 4070 3130 1.3 3.85 17.3 0.18 863 1128 2.80 126 2080
N17-24 N17_24_25 135 53 7000 2.9 550 74.9 3970 2180 1230 1.3 2.3 8 0.75 850 118.3 3.20 110 835
GC_01A GC_01A_1 234 30 12500 12.5 1100 3.75 67.4 64 25100 2.7 4.7 4.7 8.30 15.8 42300 2.08 3.6 1.05
GC_01A GC_01A_2 164 29.5 15500 11.0 900 4.9 68.3 116 39000 16.6 6.5 9.4 1.43 4.98 75500 2.35 2.1 0.425
GC_01A GC_01A_3 168 28.5 17000 10.5 1250 4.3 68.5 127 21910 7.5 5.5 7.5 0.33 2.57 39400 1.88 1.9 0.46
GC_01A GC_01A_4 140 25 21500 10.5 950 2.75 56.7 129 20380 15.3 3.55 4.15 0.11 2 51900 1.04 0.75 0.7
GC_01A GC_01A_5 96 33 20500 10.5 1400 4.5 68.5 120 34600 4.4 7 7.5 6.80 4.8 54100 0.15 3.3 0.8
GC_01A GC_01A_6 138 29.5 11500 9.0 900 6.5 67.4 117 37100 1.95 4.1 6.5 5.10 4.16 50500 0.90 4.4 0.6
GC_01A GC_01A_7 131 26 21000 10.5 1000 6.5 59.5 85 24400 3.65 4.75 5.5 0.37 24 32600 1.60 2.9 0.85
GC_01A GC_01A_8 244 26.5 11000 7.5 1000 7 64.4 108 21690 6 4 7 0.25 2.75 36400 1.05 2.1 0.29
GC_01A GC_01A_9 134 28.5 17000 9.0 1150 7.5 61.2 123 29500 6 5 10 1.36 324 47100 2.30 1.99 0.65
GC_01A GC_01A_10 118 33 13500 9.5 1050 4.1 64.2 117 27140 3.45 3.6 7 0.14 2.24 44800 0.32 2.4 0.55
GC_01A GC_01A_11 425 53 18500 7.0 850 3.8 71.4 163 28000 11 3.55 3.85 0.13 4 43800 1.20 2.2 0.5
GC_01A GC_01A_12 291 30 22000 6.0 1100 3.85 68.2 173 24600 20.1 5.5 3.9 0.48 4.4 50500 1.50 2.3 0.6
GC_01A GC_01A_13 134 20.5 14000 6.0 800 3.05 69.9 104 18200 3.55 4 3.6 0.39 1.89 38200 2.20 2 0.55
GC_01A GC_01A_14 363 36 12500 6.0 1450 5 75.5 162 24300 2.3 7 4.6 0.27 7.4 37900 0.80 3.5 0.75
GC_01A GC_01A_15 228 33.5 26000 7.0 1500 3 63.2 103 21900 6 5 7.5 1.87 3.37 45400 0.85 0.8 0.95
GC_01A GC_01A_16 146 36 11500 5.5 1100 3.5 73.8 51 24400 5 5.5 6.5 0.49 2.44 41700 1.75 0.95 0.8
GC_01A GC_01A_17 158 33 13500 3.9 900 4.2 86 249 30500 3.8 3.15 4.85 0.38 4.01 67100 1.05 0.295 0.55
GC_01A GC_01A_18 205 29 14500 5.0 1100 3.65 66.5 63 21040 4.25 5.5 5.5 0.70 2.39 37500 1.16 0.65 0.495
GC_01A GC_01A_19 128 23 16000 6.5 1350 4.75 54.9 69 13190 4.35 4.7 4.75 0.43 2.49 35750 1.95 2.8 0.345
GC_01A GC_01A_20 167 34 17000 6.0 1450 4.75 62.6 91 16420 2.3 5 4.9 0.94 2.72 44400 0.70 1.16 0.65
GC_01A GC_01A_21 206 26.5 22500 8.5 1150 3.7 70.2 136 17850 3.5 4.05 7 0.54 2.93 35800 2.05 2.6 0.42
GC_01A GC_01A_22 144 25 23500 9.0 1150 3.55 61.5 99 17200 3.6 4.45 3.95 0.69 3.04 33300 0.92 2.3 0.33
GC_01A GC_01A_23 178 24.5 20500 7.5 1500 4.25 64.9 96 12960 4.2 6.5 3.55 0.49 2.75 36500 1.40 1.24 0.55
GC_01A GC_01A_24 369 22 15500 8.5 800 3.45 65.1 140 18740 3.9 4.5 8.8 0.53 3.41 37900 1.30 3.5 0.7
GC_01A GC_01A_25 251 63 9500 2.6 950 6.5 102.3 169 24560 4.25 5 5 0.61 6.58 45500 1.65 6.1 1
N17-44 N17-44.A.1 - 1 111 22 7500 19.5 750 3.3 1923 36.6 3070 2.1 1.85 4.7 0.22 788 460 44.20 10.2 1.13
N17-44 N17-44.A.1 - 2 117 43 4000 30.5 950 2.65 1973 29.5 3120 2.25 4.2 6.9 0.12 310.3 314 34.40 8.2 0.415
N17-44 N17-44.A.1 - 3 103 47 5500 17.0 650 2.2 1903 53 3290 2.7 1.6 2.9 0.07 843 525 44.50 10.1 0.6
N17-44 N17-44.A.1 - 4 213 2840 8500 26.5 700 2.35 1978 55.4 9200 2.35 1.85 18.6 0.09 839 536 49.20 11.3 0.65
N17-44 N17-44.A.1 - 5 67 60 6500 29.0 490 4.15 1951 42.2 3360 3.5 3.1 3.2 0.14 542.4 447 37.50 9.2 1.19
N17-44 N17-44.A.1 - 6 81 77 11200 19.5 900 2.15 1933 52.5 3020 1.05 1.8 5.1 0.11 511 440 37.00 9.2 0.99294 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 48 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
N17-24 N17_24_12
N17-24 N17_24_13
N17-24 N17_24_14
N17-24 N17_24_15
N17-24 N17_24_16
N17-24 N17_24_17
N17-24 N17_24_18
N17-24 N17_24_19
N17-24 N17_24_20
N17-24 N17_24_21
N17-24 N17_24_22
N17-24 N17_24_23
N17-24 N17_24_24
N17-24 N17_24_25
GC_01A GC_01A_1
GC_01A GC_01A_2
GC_01A GC_01A_3
GC_01A GC_01A_4
GC_01A GC_01A_5
GC_01A GC_01A_6
GC_01A GC_01A_7
GC_01A GC_01A_8
GC_01A GC_01A_9
GC_01A GC_01A_10
GC_01A GC_01A_11
GC_01A GC_01A_12
GC_01A GC_01A_13
GC_01A GC_01A_14
GC_01A GC_01A_15
GC_01A GC_01A_16
GC_01A GC_01A_17
GC_01A GC_01A_18
GC_01A GC_01A_19
GC_01A GC_01A_20
GC_01A GC_01A_21
GC_01A GC_01A_22
GC_01A GC_01A_23
GC_01A GC_01A_24
GC_01A GC_01A_25
N17-44 N17-44.A.1 - 1
N17-44 N17-44.A.1 - 2
N17-44 N17-44.A.1 - 3
N17-44 N17-44.A.1 - 4
N17-44 N17-44.A.1 - 5
N17-44 N17-44.A.1 - 6Hf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
50.3 57.2 6440 14.5 187 36.6 0.9 0.04 0.12 74.4 2 2 Au Tropicana, Boston Shaker
42.8 8.04 1984 4.55 109.7 22.2 1.29 0.11 0.15 51.4 2 2 Au Tropicana, Boston Shaker
41.9 6.31 1720 3.95 105.1 20.8 0.65 0.07 0.15 47.8 2 2 Au Tropicana, Boston Shaker
57 56.3 7860 3.8 163 31.4 0.6 0.09 0.15 69.2 2 2 Au Tropicana, Boston Shaker
51.8 57.2 8090 6.5 170 31.9 0.55 0.10 0.17 71.7 2 2 Au Tropicana, Boston Shaker
93.3 47.6 8710 6 163 30.7 0.8 0.11 0.14 65.8 2 2 Au Tropicana, Boston Shaker
56.1 72.6 5760 12.3 156 30.5 0.65 0.09 0.11 66.8 2 2 Au Tropicana, Boston Shaker
63 66.5 5370 6.5 148.7 32.9 0.7 0.10 0.19 59.4 2 2 Au Tropicana, Boston Shaker
41.7 36.7 6920 7.5 263 36.2 0.75 0.04 0.18 65.4 2 2 Au Tropicana, Boston Shaker
42.5 36.4 6760 10.5 282 40.3 0.75 0.07 0.20 70.9 2 2 Au Tropicana, Boston Shaker
48.4 36.5 6850 8.5 220 28.5 0.6 0.07 0.15 59.8 2 2 Au Tropicana, Boston Shaker
70.1 57.7 7100 5.5 321 45.2 0.6 0.06 0.12 82.3 2 2 Au Tropicana, Boston Shaker
62.3 51.6 8610 8 272 32.6 0.75 0.04 0.14 71.8 2 2 Au Tropicana, Boston Shaker
38.8 2.12 800 7 146.6 21.3 3.49 0.04 0.18 47.4 2 2 Au Tropicana, Boston Shaker
0.6 126 114 80 1 0.95 0.6 0.27 0.61 0.8 1 6 carbonatite Gifford Creek
0.315 61 88.6 140 0.75 1.1 0.65 0.50 0.27 0.1 1 6 carbonatite Gifford Creek
0.65 107.2 73.1 200 0.65 1.1 1.05 0.18 0.11 0.1 1 6 carbonatite Gifford Creek
0.75 123.9 159.6 285 0.7 0.85 0.475 0.24 0.08 0.0 1 6 carbonatite Gifford Creek
0.35 167 138 650 0.85 1.1 1.69 0.15 5.60 0.3 1 6 carbonatite Gifford Creek
0.33 122 128.2 8000 0.95 1.05 0.6 0.39 2.25 0.4 1 6 carbonatite Gifford Creek
0.01 82.1 56.3 45 2.65 1.9 2.49 0.42 3.50 0.2 1 6 carbonatite Gifford Creek
0.39 96.6 56.4 62.21 0.85 0.85 0.85 0.14 2.33 0.2 1 6 carbonatite Gifford Creek
2.50 235 118.8 66.89 8.2 10 11 0.66 30.80 1.1 1 6 carbonatite Gifford Creek
1.05 162 122.2 9.17 0.8 1.3 0.85 0.21 0.26 0.0 1 6 carbonatite Gifford Creek
0.40 120 72.7 25.17 0.6 0.7 1.57 0.32 10.20 0.1 1 6 carbonatite Gifford Creek
0.85 137.3 108 80.00 0.75 1.4 1.86 0.36 8.60 0.1 1 6 carbonatite Gifford Creek
0.23 114.6 79.8 34.21 0.8 1.1 0.55 0.42 0.10 0.1 1 6 carbonatite Gifford Creek
0.32 60.3 65.6 15.28 0.6 0.75 4.59 0.28 24.40 0.1 1 6 carbonatite Gifford Creek
0.29 135 78.6 58.00 0.85 1.05 1.5 0.15 4.08 0.2 1 6 carbonatite Gifford Creek
0.34 131.8 101.3 50.24 0.65 0.75 1.35 0.31 0.78 0.2 1 6 carbonatite Gifford Creek
0.60 82.1 68 22 0.9 1.05 0.7 0.31 6.00 0.1 1 6 carbonatite Gifford Creek
0.47 91.9 73.9 38 0.95 0.8 0.7 0.25 0.87 0.1 1 6 carbonatite Gifford Creek
0.27 100.9 67.2 55 0.8 1 0.75 0.02 0.13 0.0 1 6 carbonatite Gifford Creek
0.55 134.9 112.7 4 1.15 0.8 0.65 0.21 0.34 0.2 1 6 carbonatite Gifford Creek
0.60 79.2 43.2 12 1.3 0.75 2.04 0.36 5.88 0.1 1 6 carbonatite Gifford Creek
0.37 92.9 70.2 79 1.1 0.7 0.5 0.13 2.05 0.2 1 6 carbonatite Gifford Creek
0.40 116.2 81 29 0.65 0.8 0.75 0.11 0.15 0.1 1 6 carbonatite Gifford Creek
0.15 86.9 68.7 38 0.8 0.95 2.03 0.22 6.25 0.3 1 6 carbonatite Gifford Creek
0.29 58.6 64.7 13 0.95 0.9 2.7 0.13 9.80 0.1 1 6 carbonatite Gifford Creek
26.3 22.4 20.5 15 2.71 0.55 0.3 0.00 0.50 9.1 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
10.2 6.19 0.11 18 2.43 0.55 0.39 0.01 0.03 6.8 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
23.7 21.7 17.4 16.5 6.63 0.42 0.245 0.01 0.03 17.2 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
26.1 22.8 22.4 11.5 4.08 0.55 0.315 0.01 0.00 12.1 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
24.7 25.38 24.2 10.5 2.16 0.85 0.285 0.01 0.06 6.4 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
16.5 17.95 23.8 14 4.26 0.335 0.41 0.01 0.06 12.2 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western NorwayAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 295Appendix C Table 1 Page 49 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
N17-44 N17-44.A.1 - 7 107 60 8500 25.0 550 3.6 2013 37.3 5140 2.25 2.35 7.2 0.24 829 509 48.60 12.3 0.5
N17-44 N17-44.A.1 - 8 93 95 10500 17.0 490 2.35 1962 18.5 2690 4.1 2.8 4.1 0.16 552 472 20.00 7.95 1.6
N17-44 N17-44.A.1 - 9 101 59.1 4350 15.0 550 4.55 1905 45.5 3070 4.15 2.35 2.8 0.02 815 492 45.60 9.3 0.43
N17-44 N17-44.A.1 - 10 121 66 6500 14.0 400 1.5 1947 40.5 2710 1.85 1.45 2.4 0.06 733 506 36.10 8.65 0.78
N17-44 N17-44.A.1 - 11 86 45 7000 18.0 465 2.95 2007 43 3280 1 2.9 7.9 0.01 826 503 44.00 9.8 0.455
N17-44 N17-44.A.1 - 12 123 47 4450 35.5 1000 5 1946 38.9 5570 2 2.3 3.4 0.05 827 494 44.00 9.9 0.63
N17-44 N17-44.A.1 - 13 86 46 4800 31.5 315 2.55 1959 39.9 3200 1 3.25 2.75 0.13 833 489 47.30 12 1
N17-44 N17-44.A.1 - 14 89 58.6 5500 50.0 650 4 1985 17.5 8810 1.35 1.9 0.5 0.09 853 504 44.80 10.2 0.87
N17-44 N17-44.A.1 - 15 118 680 6500 47.5 800 3.6 1952 31.3 3210 3.9 2.15 3.55 0.06 745 482 52.10 10.3 0.94
N17-44 N17-44.A.1 - 16 105 430 6500 22.0 550 3.85 1977 46.5 5260 2.05 1.9 2.9 0.10 862 500 47.40 10.2 0.8
N17-44 N17-44.A.1 - 17 117 64 13800 40.5 650 5 1924 47 2980 2 2.65 2.75 0.09 834 476 41.50 9.6 0.98
N17-44 N17-44.A.1 - 18 113 38 4100 110.0 500 6 1954 32.7 3700 1 2.3 2 0.12 858 503 48.70 9.9 0.6
N17-44 N17-44.A.1 - 19 158 610 5500 240.0 500 2.8 1978 18 3430 2.5 2.4 6.9 0.12 811 493 45.10 10.1 0.91
N17-44 N17-44.A.1 - 20 89 92 6000 4.9 650 2.95 1928 44.8 3300 2.1 2.6 6.4 0.11 838 483 51.00 11 0.6
N17-44 N17-44.A.1 - 21 99 24.5 6500 5.2 600 2.45 1961 20 3640 1.09 3 6.4 0.07 843 468 49.70 11.4 0.37
N17-44 N17-44.A.1 - 22 113 73 8000 8.6 750 5.5 2080 50 3500 2.25 5 9.1 0.06 842 460 48.60 10 0.9
N17-44 N17-44.A.1 - 23 94 59 8600 11.2 500 3.1 1933 36.1 3230 3 2.8 2.65 0.07 769 466.4 47.00 9.1 0.91
N17-44 N17-44.A.1 - 24 107 88 13000 7.6 650 3.35 1883 24.5 3210 3.85 2.55 4 0.50 794 448 51.40 8.9 0.52
N17-44 N17-44.A.1 - 25 93 440 7500 8.4 280 3.3 1970 32.1 6680 1.3 2.65 1.35 0.28 819 482 55.20 12.2 0.95
N17-44 N17-44.A.1 - 26 89 27 7500 7.7 850 2.9 1950 45.9 2980 2.2 2.65 6.5 0.05 826 469 53.10 11.2 0.62
N17-44 N17-44.A.1 - 27 50 51 9500 18.7 750 1.55 1988 54 4030 3.8 2.95 2.75 0.04 800 456 49.40 10.1 0.7
N17-44 N17-44.A.1 - 28 109 78 9000 7.1 700 3.75 1951 19 4530 3.15 2.7 14.1 0.11 839 452 49.20 9.99 0.75
N17-44 N17-44.A.1 - 29 191 116 5000 7.2 500 6 1970 48 2710 2.15 1.7 35 0.22 816 458 47.30 11.3 0.67
N17-44 N17-44.A.1 - 30 92 62 10000 9.6 800 4.35 1988 34.2 3530 2.2 4.9 5.5 0.11 821 429 53.10 10.2 0.82
N17-44 N17-44.B.2 - 1 104 67 7500 1.0 550 4.05 1843 21 2160 1 2.35 2.8 0.11 341 224 12.40 5.6 1.6
N17-44 N17-44.B.2 - 2 107 405 4100 11.0 295 3.7 1856 36.4 3160 1.05 2 6.6 0.11 657 459 43.40 10.4 0.75
N17-44 N17-44.B.2 - 3 107 22.5 12500 26.4 700 5.5 1889 62.5 2670 1.05 2.6 3.3 0.22 830 536 43.60 10.2 0.58
N17-44 N17-44.B.2 - 4 520 4000 8500 8.3 2200 4.15 1862 50.7 2300 4 4.85 3.15 0.21 1170 313 13.80 6.1 2.33
N17-44 N17-44.B.2 - 5 101 294 6000 21.7 850 5.5 1865 53 3090 3 1.55 3.3 0.00 575 475 40.80 10.7 1.32
N17-44 N17-44.B.2 - 6 90 111 6000 11.0 800 3.5 1793 52.5 1960 1.1 3.55 5 0.14 239 89.1 12.10 3.93 1.92
N17-44 N17-44.B.2 - 7 274 890 7000 3.6 445 7 1831 53 2760 2.35 3 2.9 0.06 226.7 163.5 7.50 7.1 2.13
N17-44 N17-44.B.2 - 8 101 103 8000 23.0 800 7.5 1836 14.5 2720 3 4.85 2.95 0.12 773 492 43.70 11.7 0.87
N17-44 N17-44.B.2 - 9 88 145 9000 7.0 700 2.8 1907 49 2490 2.8 1.75 4.25 0.08 704 483 50.30 10.2 0.65
N17-44 N17-44.B.2 - 10 124 95 6000 32.0 405 4.8 1927 22 3120 1.4 1.65 1.9 0.04 850 494 55.40 11.1 1.26
N17-44 N17-44.B.2 - 11 117 110 12000 16.0 430 4.25 1917 27.5 2690 2.95 5.5 3.5 0.24 891 465 35.30 10 1.59
N17-44 N17-44.B.2 - 12 103 86 8500 80.0 435 4.2 1892 18.5 2370 4.85 2.05 7 0.11 587 331 27.60 6 0.6
N17-44 N17-44.B.2 - 13 96 68 4000 16.0 800 3.2 1845 19 2880 6.5 3.2 4.2 0.09 816 484 47.40 10.6 1.09
N17-44 N17-44.B.2 - 14 110 37.5 7500 32.0 600 3.1 1865 39.3 2970 2.95 2.15 4.5 0.04 897 478 52.60 10.9 0.85
N17-44 N17-44.B.2 - 15 112 76 5500 20.7 600 0.95 1858 74.4 2580 2.55 1.8 4.05 0.09 447 390.7 25.30 7.4 1.12
N17-44 N17-44.B.1 - 1 111 39 10500 13.2 1000 4.4 1929 56 2160 2.6 2.65 4.3 0.06 384 410 16.20 8.5 1.86
N17-44 N17-44.B.1 - 2 127 27.5 13300 7.4 650 6.5 1885 100 2170 2 2.35 3.05 0.12 762 397 29.90 11.5 0.96
N17-44 N17-44.B.1 - 3 113 49 7000 9.4 750 4.9 1878 80 2090 5.5 3.05 2.9 0.14 702 376.2 30.30 11 1.54
N17-44 N17-44.C.1 - 1 118 208 7500 12.1 1150 3.25 1396 24.5 5050 1.25 3.85 1.95 0.13 569 501 41.00 9.5 0.82
N17-44 N17-44.C.1 - 2 85 56 6500 16.4 405 2.15 1438 44.3 3630 1.9 2 3.4 0.05 799 504 52.50 9.6 0.49
N17-44 N17-44.C.1 - 3 117 103 4750 1300.0 800 5 1397 23.5 3530 3.35 2.85 3.05 0.24 801 500 53.00 12.4 0.89296 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 50 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
N17-44 N17-44.A.1 - 7
N17-44 N17-44.A.1 - 8
N17-44 N17-44.A.1 - 9
N17-44 N17-44.A.1 - 10
N17-44 N17-44.A.1 - 11
N17-44 N17-44.A.1 - 12
N17-44 N17-44.A.1 - 13
N17-44 N17-44.A.1 - 14
N17-44 N17-44.A.1 - 15
N17-44 N17-44.A.1 - 16
N17-44 N17-44.A.1 - 17
N17-44 N17-44.A.1 - 18
N17-44 N17-44.A.1 - 19
N17-44 N17-44.A.1 - 20
N17-44 N17-44.A.1 - 21
N17-44 N17-44.A.1 - 22
N17-44 N17-44.A.1 - 23
N17-44 N17-44.A.1 - 24
N17-44 N17-44.A.1 - 25
N17-44 N17-44.A.1 - 26
N17-44 N17-44.A.1 - 27
N17-44 N17-44.A.1 - 28
N17-44 N17-44.A.1 - 29
N17-44 N17-44.A.1 - 30
N17-44 N17-44.B.2 - 1
N17-44 N17-44.B.2 - 2
N17-44 N17-44.B.2 - 3
N17-44 N17-44.B.2 - 4
N17-44 N17-44.B.2 - 5
N17-44 N17-44.B.2 - 6
N17-44 N17-44.B.2 - 7
N17-44 N17-44.B.2 - 8
N17-44 N17-44.B.2 - 9
N17-44 N17-44.B.2 - 10
N17-44 N17-44.B.2 - 11
N17-44 N17-44.B.2 - 12
N17-44 N17-44.B.2 - 13
N17-44 N17-44.B.2 - 14
N17-44 N17-44.B.2 - 15
N17-44 N17-44.B.1 - 1
N17-44 N17-44.B.1 - 2
N17-44 N17-44.B.1 - 3
N17-44 N17-44.C.1 - 1
N17-44 N17-44.C.1 - 2
N17-44 N17-44.C.1 - 3Hf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
25.6 23.4 20.9 13 3.64 0.55 0.435 0.00 0.05 11.0 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
18.3 23.99 28.1 14.5 1.75 0.55 0.26 0.01 0.06 3.8 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
25 22.7 22.3 13 3.29 0.45 0.3 0.01 0.03 11.3 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
25.2 23.1 18.5 5.5 2.28 0.33 0.195 0.01 0.02 4.8 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
23.9 22.1 19 10 4.45 0.6 0.27 0.01 0.04 14.2 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
23.3 21.7 18.8 10 6.18 0.445 0.345 0.01 0.06 16.9 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
24 21.27 19.9 12 5.76 0.5 0.25 0.00 0.06 16.6 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
24.4 24.04 19.4 13 4.08 0.7 0.335 0.00 0.07 11.4 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
22.9 22.4 20.3 5 2.06 0.48 0.375 0.01 0.06 5.7 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
26 23.2 19 14.5 5.3 0.165 0.365 0.01 0.05 14.3 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
24.4 21.3 20.5 10.5 5.21 0.445 0.325 0.01 0.06 15.1 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
27 21.98 20.1 19.5 4.28 0.7 0.295 0.01 0.00 13.0 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
24.1 22.8 21.9 16 3.77 0.55 0.325 0.01 0.04 9.5 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
25.6 22.5 18.8 11 6.06 0.39 0.32 0.01 0.03 16.3 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
24.5 21.64 21 17 5.02 0.4 0.425 0.01 0.03 16.7 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
23.9 24.9 18.2 12 6.17 0.265 0.195 0.00 0.03 16.4 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
23.3 22.82 18 12.5 2.08 0.445 0.12 0.01 0.06 7.5 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
23.3 21.68 19.4 13 3.44 0.37 0.075 0.01 0.06 9.7 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
23.6 22.2 20.4 7 4.3 0.8 0.425 0.01 0.03 11.5 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
24.8 22.7 17.7 5.1 4.87 1 0.29 0.01 0.01 14.6 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
22 22.11 18.3 7 4.6 0.275 0.395 0.01 0.08 14.7 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
23.4 22.81 20.1 14 6.18 1.47 0.425 0.00 0.03 16.0 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
24.5 21.73 20 16.5 9.1 4.5 3.5 0.00 0.07 13.5 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
23.8 24.3 19 13.5 4.52 0.8 0.26 0.01 0.06 13.0 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
11.1 6.18 53.3 5.5 0.5 0.325 0.39 0.00 0.02 1.2 6 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
26.6 21.1 21.3 11.5 0.8 0.46 0.435 0.01 0.03 1.6 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
30.1 22.7 19.8 11.5 1.31 0.325 0.175 0.00 0.06 4.4 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
27 9.7 75 13 0.8 0.7 0.435 0.02 0.07 1.3 6 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
23 23.3 19.8 6 0.46 0.9 0.55 0.01 0.02 1.0 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
6.26 0.55 30.4 6 0.32 0.43 0.215 0.01 0.02 0.9 6 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
9.6 3.68 88.3 12.5 0.355 0.9 0.24 0.00 0.03 1.1 6 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
28.3 25 22.9 14.99 0.78 1.1 0.335 0.00 0.03 1.3 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
27.4 23.3 19.3 14.5 1.25 0.6 0.37 0.01 0.06 2.8 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
29 22.8 23.3 7.5 2.89 0.375 0.275 0.00 0.02 7.1 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
33.1 24.2 22.4 12.5 2.49 0.85 0.6 0.01 0.06 6.1 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
19.4 18.9 24.8 19 1.26 0.55 0.315 0.00 0.03 3.4 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
28.4 22.9 20.1 13 1.02 0.85 0.475 0.01 0.05 2.6 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
32.6 23.9 23.1 13 1.4 0.35 0.7 0.01 0.05 4.1 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
19.6 24.8 27.8 13.5 0.8 0.85 0.415 0.01 0.06 1.8 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
13.1 23.2 83.1 13 0.7 1.15 0.495 0.01 0.12 0.4 6 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
29.7 16.49 15.3 6.5 0.65 0.75 0.455 0.01 0.06 1.1 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
24.8 16.49 16.2 8 0.395 0.8 0.6 0.01 0.04 0.7 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
23.3 23.13 19.6 13 1.14 0.495 0.47 0.01 0.03 3.6 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
23.1 22.65 19.4 7 3.55 0.395 0.225 0.00 0.02 13.1 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
24.8 23.1 20.4 22.5 4.44 1.15 0.49 0.00 0.07 15.5 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western NorwayAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 297Appendix C Table 1 Page 51 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
N17-44 N17-44.C.1 - 4 94 55 12500 420.0 470 1.95 1523 46.7 3540 1.7 2.75 4.85 0.04 803 489 55.60 10.7 1
N17-44 N17-44.C.1 - 5 96 185 8000 120.0 1000 6 1582 47.2 3580 1.3 3.7 3.4 0.24 736 504 54.70 10.3 0.65
N17-44 N17-44.C.1 - 6 127 60 7000 8.5 750 6 1651 19 3120 2.9 3.3 6 0.11 823 527 55.90 10.7 0.75
N17-44 N17-44.C.1 - 7 104 31 7500 15.0 950 4.3 1675 17.5 5640 4.05 2.05 5 0.08 779 515 54.70 10.74 0.45
N17-44 N17-44.C.1 - 8 87 13.5 8000 74.0 950 5.5 1646 47.8 3620 1.35 2.85 1.9 0.04 814 500 57.80 10 0.43
N17-44 N17-44.C.1 - 9 91 78 13500 16.0 900 3.95 1467 24 4130 4.2 3.45 6.5 0.12 774 511 53.10 10.5 0.225
N17-44 N17-44.C.1 - 10 40.5 31.5 5500 15.4 800 2.25 1380 16.5 2690 2 2.65 4.6 0.35 764 522 41.20 8.12 0.6
N17-44 N17-44.C.1 - 11 128 22.5 11000 24.0 360 4.9 1402 43 4860 1.35 4.35 3.6 0.24 767 493 53.20 10.9 1.03
N17-44 N17-44.C.1 - 12 131 37 15500 24.3 1350 3.35 1563 29 7190 4 3.2 3.9 0.20 846 520 54.40 11.3 0.65
N17-44 N17-44.C.1 - 13 127 67 15000 27.0 850 5.5 1459 60.9 3060 2.55 2.65 4.05 0.04 742 523 43.70 9.9 1.12
N17-44 N17-44.C.1 - 14 108 41 5500 21.7 450 2.35 1559 27.3 8400 2.25 2.4 2.5 0.07 845 517 52.90 9.1 1.12
N17-44 N17-44.C.1 - 15 131 239 8500 15.0 800 2.65 1423 17 3440 1.45 1.7 2.85 0.18 663 497 35.20 9.3 1.43
N17-44 N17-44.C.1 - 16 137 24.5 20000 2.0 1150 8 1617 30 7190 4.3 3.75 4.75 0.13 819 530 53.60 11.9 0.45
N17-44 N17-44.C.1 - 17 115 38 15500 19.0 455 6 1476 24 3720 6.5 2.9 3.95 0.09 815 512 48.10 10.9 0.99
N17-44 N17-44.C.1 - 18 100 26.5 6500 8.2 1150 4.6 1439 15.5 3520 3.5 3.9 2.9 0.23 832 523 51.00 8.9 0.6
N17-44 N17-44.C.1 - 19 137 80 6000 14.0 600 2.7 1530 29.7 3590 2.45 1.5 4.3 0.07 824 533 55.50 10 0.325
N17-44 N17-44.C.1 - 20 150 53 11500 8.6 700 5 1576 17 3520 5.5 3.8 6 0.12 815 536 52.40 10.7 0.87
N17-44 N17-44.C.1 - 21 121 382 4850 11.0 850 5.5 1633 15.5 3120 1.35 3.6 2.05 0.07 698 526 51.90 11.5 1.06
N17-44 N17-44.C.1 - 22 279 1190 19000 10.0 800 3 1542 22 6750 4.35 3.35 3.05 0.12 830 539 54.00 10.3 0.72
N17-44 N17-44.D.1 - 1 122 172 5500 13.0 750 20.3 1138 58 2850 3.4 2.75 4 0.69 6730 1552 32.50 8.4 2.02
N17-44 N17-44.D.1 - 2 102 89 8500 110.0 1150 7.5 1121 59 3070 6 2.4 8.5 0.04 670 1550 37.80 9.6 1.24
N17-44 N17-44.D.1 - 3 50 180 7000 13.0 750 6 1115 69.1 3310 5 2.15 5.5 0.29 2780 1613 26.50 7.9 1.48
N17-44 N17-44.D.1 - 4 143 82 11000 9.5 1200 7 1116 63 3240 4.1 4.45 3.15 0.25 273.5 1761 23.20 9 1.26
N17-44 N17-44.D.1 - 5 122 260 12500 13.0 550 3.7 1092 61 2930 8 4.4 3.2 0.26 400 1387 21.70 6 1.66
N17-44 N17-44.D.1 - 6 135 164 10000 27.6 750 2.6 1166 97 2850 5.5 3.6 3.7 0.14 530 1581 18.50 6.8 2.51
N17-44 N17-44.D.1 - 7 574 24 64000 20.0 32400 8.5 1170 93 4820 5.5 2.9 4.15 2.41 163.8 975 4.20 3.86 0.95
N17-44 N17-44.D.1 - 8 237 760 12500 4.0 1450 2.15 1085 26.8 2770 6.5 6.5 6.5 0.13 215 1479 36.30 10.2 1.51
N17-44 N17-44.F.1 - 1 142 317 2700 3.2 750 3.1 1012 67 4560 1.8 3.25 6.5 0.06 722 1620 57.60 9.1 1.61
N17-44 N17-44.F.1 - 2 117 162 10000 2.9 550 5.5 929 17.5 2740 1.65 3.6 4.85 0.13 183.2 747 7.60 4.4 1.99
N17-44 N17-44.F.1 - 3 112 55 5500 1.2 800 4.25 992 81.1 3280 1.65 2.5 3.05 0.11 873 1566 47.40 12 1.36
N17-44 N17-44.F.1 - 4 147 98 4950 2.2 1300 3.4 1006 53 5440 4 5 7 0.09 960 1569 38.90 11.5 1.22
N17-44 N17-44.F.1 - 5 108 69 6500 1.6 650 4 962 42 3470 2.8 3.45 0.6 0.09 799 1564 41.00 10.1 1.7
N17-44 N17-44.F.1 - 6 82 153 4750 11.0 330 5.9 960 75.6 3410 1.75 1.55 1.85 0.06 786 1478 41.10 11.2 1.05
N17-44 N17-44.F.1 - 7 112 79 14000 10.5 800 3.2 955 80 3390 3.1 5 3.6 0.09 872 1478 46.80 11.3 0.43
N17-44 N17-44.F.1 - 8 143 86 9000 17.7 1000 7.5 945 74.3 3600 4.6 5.5 5.5 0.26 919 1497 46.10 11 0.84
N17-44 N17-44.E.1 - 1 116 25.5 6000 0.6 800 6.5 1466 65 1740 1.8 2.75 4.15 0.13 909 1500 48.80 10.8 0.47
N17-44 N17-44.E.1 - 2 127 75 17500 1.7 700 2.4 1432 50 1970 3.65 2.2 1.6 0.11 898 1453 59.10 8.7 1.4
N17-44 N17-44.E.1 - 3 380 358 13000 9.3 2170 4.25 1468 156 1700 3.15 4.05 3.7 0.03 847 1578 48.50 6.7 1.1
N17-44 N17-44.E.1 - 4 180 58 7500 1.8 1250 4.6 1508 67 1960 6.5 2.35 2.15 0.09 892 1469 53.90 9.5 0.9
N17-44 N17-44.E.1 - 5 121 85 11000 1.1 750 6.5 1421 54.5 2090 3.55 2 6 0.13 882 1410 54.30 8.6 1.11
N17-44 N17-44.E.1 - 6 119 61 7500 2.3 800 3.1 1535 57 1800 4 3.25 4.4 0.08 837 1432 30.10 9.9 0.235
N17-44 N17-44.G.1 - 1 105 58 5500 1.7 550 6.5 1018 60 4080 2.55 4.3 3.05 0.24 1028 1611 49.00 10.3 0.85
N17-44 N17-44.G.1 - 2 123 71 14000 1.2 1200 4.25 960 88 3900 3.25 3.95 3.15 0.26 950 1734 54.50 11.6 1.46
N17-44 N17-44.G.1 - 3 142 47 8500 2.1 700 4.45 1009 75 3230 2.55 4.95 4.5 0.12 983 1650 40.20 12.1 0.65
N17-44 N17-44.G.1 - 4 110 36 4400 1.8 1050 7.5 942 56 3950 2.85 3.1 6.2 0.14 937 1765 66.10 13.8 1.32298 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 52 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
N17-44 N17-44.C.1 - 4
N17-44 N17-44.C.1 - 5
N17-44 N17-44.C.1 - 6
N17-44 N17-44.C.1 - 7
N17-44 N17-44.C.1 - 8
N17-44 N17-44.C.1 - 9
N17-44 N17-44.C.1 - 10
N17-44 N17-44.C.1 - 11
N17-44 N17-44.C.1 - 12
N17-44 N17-44.C.1 - 13
N17-44 N17-44.C.1 - 14
N17-44 N17-44.C.1 - 15
N17-44 N17-44.C.1 - 16
N17-44 N17-44.C.1 - 17
N17-44 N17-44.C.1 - 18
N17-44 N17-44.C.1 - 19
N17-44 N17-44.C.1 - 20
N17-44 N17-44.C.1 - 21
N17-44 N17-44.C.1 - 22
N17-44 N17-44.D.1 - 1
N17-44 N17-44.D.1 - 2
N17-44 N17-44.D.1 - 3
N17-44 N17-44.D.1 - 4
N17-44 N17-44.D.1 - 5
N17-44 N17-44.D.1 - 6
N17-44 N17-44.D.1 - 7
N17-44 N17-44.D.1 - 8
N17-44 N17-44.F.1 - 1
N17-44 N17-44.F.1 - 2
N17-44 N17-44.F.1 - 3
N17-44 N17-44.F.1 - 4
N17-44 N17-44.F.1 - 5
N17-44 N17-44.F.1 - 6
N17-44 N17-44.F.1 - 7
N17-44 N17-44.F.1 - 8
N17-44 N17-44.E.1 - 1
N17-44 N17-44.E.1 - 2
N17-44 N17-44.E.1 - 3
N17-44 N17-44.E.1 - 4
N17-44 N17-44.E.1 - 5
N17-44 N17-44.E.1 - 6
N17-44 N17-44.G.1 - 1
N17-44 N17-44.G.1 - 2
N17-44 N17-44.G.1 - 3
N17-44 N17-44.G.1 - 4Hf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
22.3 23 19.4 17.5 5.6 0.65 0.42 0.01 0.03 14.5 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
25.5 23.8 21.8 22.5 2.83 0.9 0.32 0.00 0.07 6.8 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
28.5 24.8 23.1 14.5 3.02 0.6 0.385 0.01 0.03 8.8 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
24.4 23.67 21 23 1.59 0.85 0.405 0.01 0.05 5.5 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
24.3 21.43 18.7 7 4.74 1.25 0.15 0.00 0.03 12.7 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
25.6 23.8 19.1 7 2.58 0.55 0.85 0.00 0.03 7.8 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
25.3 24.8 21.8 16.5 1.68 0.49 0.55 0.01 0.05 6.4 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
24.9 23 18.7 16.5 3.47 0.5 0.425 0.01 0.06 7.7 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
24.9 25.3 20.7 14.5 4.38 0.55 0.4 0.00 0.08 11.8 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
25.2 22.89 20.3 22 2.03 0.85 0.16 0.01 0.06 6.6 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
27.7 23.01 19.5 10 4.75 0.42 0.23 0.00 0.03 12.1 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
23.7 23.42 20.6 28 1.16 0.85 0.185 0.00 0.04 3.4 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
26.3 23.9 20.3 17 3.47 1.1 0.55 0.01 0.04 10.6 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
24 22.3 19.1 14.5 5.67 0.23 0.375 0.01 0.05 17.5 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
26.7 24.7 18.6 7 3.4 0.43 0.7 0.00 0.04 8.6 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
26.9 22.53 22.1 9.5 3.39 0.39 0.205 0.01 0.03 8.4 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
24.7 23.3 21 15.5 3.87 0.55 0.49 0.00 0.50 10.3 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
26.6 24.4 21.2 15.5 1.92 0.6 0.2 0.01 0.03 5.0 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
25.3 24.5 21.1 14.57 2.91 0.44 0.47 0.01 0.06 9.4 8 1 strained granulite Radøy, western Norway
144 53.9 37.3 16 14.6 1.25 0.43 0.01 0.07 53.5 8 1 hydrated granulite Radøy, western Norway
21.9 50.5 29.2 10.5 1 0.485 0.32 0.01 0.07 3.2 8 1 hydrated granulite Radøy, western Norway
71 54 32.5 19 1.45 0.7 0.145 0.00 0.02 6.6 8 1 hydrated granulite Radøy, western Norway
13.7 55.7 28.3 21.5 1.37 0.7 0.48 0.00 0.05 3.9 8 1 hydrated granulite Radøy, western Norway
15.6 46.7 34.9 10.5 0.9 0.435 0.5 0.01 0.07 3.3 8 1 hydrated granulite Radøy, western Norway
15 55.8 34.3 25.5 0.48 0.6 0.6 0.01 0.07 0.9 8 1 hydrated granulite Radøy, western Norway
5.8 28.1 99.5 22.5 2.28 2.92 1.1 0.03 0.04 0.8 3 1 hydrated granulite Radøy, western Norway
14.2 51.1 29.6 27 0.95 1 0.8 0.01 0.07 0.8 8 1 hydrated granulite Radøy, western Norway
29.5 76.4 25.9 8.5 0.75 0.55 0.265 0.01 0.03 2.3 8 1 hydrated granulite Radøy, western Norway
7.61 29.2 91.1 16 0.485 0.38 0.5 0.00 0.01 0.1 3 1 hydrated granulite Radøy, western Norway
31.4 76.2 23.2 25 2.63 0.75 0.43 0.01 0.04 8.0 8 1 hydrated granulite Radøy, western Norway
32.8 77.8 22.4 9 1.16 0.9 0.65 0.01 0.03 3.9 8 1 hydrated granulite Radøy, western Norway
27 76.8 25.6 34.5 2.11 0.6 0.34 0.01 0.03 4.8 8 1 hydrated granulite Radøy, western Norway
25.7 65.8 20.6 8 0.94 0.305 0.21 0.01 0.02 3.0 8 1 hydrated granulite Radøy, western Norway
31 68.1 23.6 8.5 1.09 0.75 0.45 0.01 0.04 3.6 8 1 hydrated granulite Radøy, western Norway
27.5 69.7 19.9 19 3.04 0.8 0.225 0.01 0.06 9.8 8 1 hydrated granulite Radøy, western Norway
29.9 33 35.9 19.5 7.1 1.2 0.37 0.01 0.05 20.6 8 1 hydrated granulite Radøy, western Norway
29.7 32.3 34.4 33.5 7.1 0.7 0.41 0.01 0.07 19.5 8 1 hydrated granulite Radøy, western Norway
27.4 35.5 33.7 11 5.97 1 0.39 0.01 0.05 18.6 8 1 hydrated granulite Radøy, western Norway
27.7 30.9 36.1 33 6.65 1.2 1 0.01 0.07 20.0 8 1 hydrated granulite Radøy, western Norway
27.4 31.8 32.7 9 6.81 1.1 0.345 0.01 0.07 19.0 8 1 hydrated granulite Radøy, western Norway
27.2 31.2 32.2 29 7.34 0.7 0.43 0.01 0.01 17.8 8 1 hydrated granulite Radøy, western Norway
31.8 54.8 33 29 4.8 0.345 0.5 0.01 0.07 15.2 8 1 hydrated granulite Radøy, western Norway
33.7 52.8 32.9 19.5 4.33 0.55 0.38 0.01 0.13 10.7 8 1 hydrated granulite Radøy, western Norway
32.3 51.4 29.1 23 7.1 0.8 0.23 0.01 0.07 19.2 8 1 hydrated granulite Radøy, western Norway
31.3 52.9 32.5 20.5 3.8 0.65 0.375 0.02 0.00 9.9 8 1 hydrated granulite Radøy, western NorwayAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 299Appendix C Table 1 Page 53 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
N17-44 N17-44.G.1 - 5 109 83 19000 8.2 1050 4.5 975 37 4300 2.55 4 3.2 0.03 976 1659 59.50 13.3 0.76
N17-44 N17-44.G.1 - 6 75 152 11000 1.9 600 5.5 993 21.5 4360 6 4.55 1.65 0.06 1036 1740 57.80 14.5 0.485
N17-44 N17-44.G.1 - 7 105 560 10500 3.9 950 2.4 1009 55 4740 3.3 4.25 3 0.11 979 1527 57.30 11.2 0.65
N17-44 N17-44.G.1 - 8 149 70 10500 3.0 600 7 941 59 2650 2 2.3 6 0.18 239.7 212 15.30 5.2 2.69
N17-44 N17-44.G.1 - 9 131 40 12500 4.2 650 3.55 922 37.1 3150 0.7 2.5 4.65 0.03 353.8 580 27.40 5.6 0.27
N17-44 N17-44.G.1 - 10 116 70 8000 1.6 700 6.5 992 46.6 4280 2.65 4.45 4.2 0.04 966 1383 49.10 8.9 1.23
N17-44 N17-44.G.1 - 11 107 73 7500 2.4 550 4.15 962 56 3610 3.65 3.1 3 0.06 760 1383 38.30 7.2 1.5
N17-44 N17-44.G.1 - 12 55 111 9500 6.3 850 5 936 67.5 3450 1.3 4.4 1.95 0.13 990 1672 52.90 11.5 1.13
N17-44 N17-44.G.1 - 13 118 12.5 9000 2.7 1150 4.35 957 70 3880 2.5 5 3.55 0.04 961 1652 49.80 12.8 1.49
N17-44 N17-44.G.1 - 14 48.5 128 13500 5.5 650 3.7 926 109 3350 1.6 3 2.9 0.02 706 1452 38.10 10.6 1.21
N17-44 N17-44.G.1 - 15 139 138 8000 5.5 950 5 985 75 3700 6.5 5 3.1 0.08 880 1685 42.00 11.2 1.18
N17-44 N17-44.G.1 - 16 77 2070 11500 6.5 750 4.25 978 85 3770 6 4.65 3 0.12 974 1530 44.40 9.2 0.42
N17-44 N17-44.G.1 - 17 131 460 8500 5.5 700 4.15 965 90 4050 2.5 3.2 3 0.07 976 1614 55.20 10.4 0.44
N17-44 N17-44.G.1 - 18 104 870 4500 6.5 1100 2.45 993 19.5 3160 8.5 4.9 3.8 0.13 206.6 486 8.50 5.2 1.62
N17-44 N17-44.G.1 - 19 134 47.5 8000 6.5 650 7 956 51 3720 2.65 3.25 3.1 0.01 449 935 38.00 9.2 0.445
N17-44 N17-44.G.1 - 20 225 5230 13000 7.5 1350 7.5 915 21 3380 4.85 2.65 4.3 0.03 174.4 248 20.20 4.33 1.04
N17-44 N17-44.G.1 - 21 95 64 11000 10.0 700 5 974 66.6 4150 3 2.8 3 0.06 1016 1603 53.20 12 0.96
N17-44 N17-44.G.1 - 22 101 29.5 9500 29.5 750 2.5 1011 75 4520 1.3 4.25 4.15 0.13 1028 1617 56.40 10.5 0.67
N17-44 N17-44.G.1 - 23 104 55 7500 17.5 1250 1.6 985 67.9 4380 1.55 3.6 3.75 0.08 1007 1607 53.40 12.6 0.86
N17-44 N17-44.G.1 - 24 113 147 4500 42.0 1050 5.5 994 67 3930 1.6 7.5 3.15 0.10 1006 1599 53.90 10.8 0.44
N17-44 N17-44.G.1 - 25 146 190 19700 430.0 1150 7.4 993 79 4140 4.8 5.5 1.85 0.24 974 1652 56.30 11 0.6
N17-44 N17-44.G.2 - 1 730 76 11000 0.4 900 5.5 956 68 3500 3.2 2 15.9 0.11 227 528 12.80 6.6 1.64
N17-44 N17-44.G.2 - 2 327 2450 8500 4.2 1150 3.75 1035 87 2290 1.5 3.95 3.65 0.30 156.1 1013 2.70 4.04 2.46
N17-44 N17-44.G.2 - 3 167 154 11500 4.0 1800 4.1 1000 59 2790 2.7 5 7.5 0.28 284 913 20.30 4.9 1.25
N17-44 N17-44.G.2 - 4 106 23.5 5500 1.2 950 6 982 72 2390 2.4 2.65 1.45 0.06 201.1 1101 5.60 5.09 2.66
S4006 J1 - 1.d 183 30.3 4340 1.7 23.5 16.81 2157 10230 2620 0.373 3.82 10.27 0.11 592 1761 53.80 359.9 6.22
S4006 J1 - 2.d 129.6 4.62 4270 1.5 25.5 16.56 2130 10290 2534 0.196 3.57 9.8 0.08 587.6 1724 54.20 353 6.22
S4006 J1 - 3.d 126.9 16.2 4264 2.0 22.5 16.45 2081 10120 2445 0.98 3.59 9.86 0.18 572 1733 53.90 369 6.61
S4006 J1 - 4.d 122.5 5.85 4210 1.9 26 16.07 2104 10450 2580 0.223 3.85 9.14 0.14 569 1709 53.40 363 6.36
S4006 J1 - 5.d 116.9 2.01 4210 2.0 22 16.3 2123 10180 2551 0.204 3.61 9.75 0.10 565 1684 52.10 337.2 5.76
S4006 J1 - 6.d 115.9 6.13 4180 2.3 28 17.11 2059 9940 2601 0.219 3.05 8.28 0.10 582.9 1657 51.00 345.1 5.7
S4006 J1 - 7.d 140.1 90 4580 2.8 133 18.89 2477 10120 14000 5.06 3.39 36.3 1.03 574 1748 53.30 365 6.66
S4006 J1 - 8.d 118.5 4.1 4380 1.4 27 16.2 2157 10220 6400 0.311 3.3 11.6 0.09 571 1709 52.80 346 5.95
S4006 J5 - 1.d 118.6 1.56 4090 1.5 22.5 16.87 2225 10420 2533 0.154 3.19 9.51 0.10 575.6 1699 52.60 376 6.55
S4006 J5 - 2.d 128.5 3.39 4480 1.4 20 17.71 2242 10720 2658 0.181 3.71 8.97 0.10 587.6 1748 56.50 348 6.39
S4006 J5 - 3.d 119.8 2.09 4230 1.4 19 17.87 2159 10600 2609 0.201 3.23 8.46 0.10 573 1772 55.20 338.7 6.43
S4006 J5 - 4.d 120.5 2.49 4330 1.2 19 17.64 2191 10450 2439 0.159 3.4 9.87 0.10 575 1737 55.10 331.9 6.29
S4006 J5 - 5.d 114.4 4.56 4470 1.3 20.5 17.13 2170 10050 2416 0.249 3.31 9.3 0.11 559 1715 55.50 338 6.53
S4006 J7 - 1.d 109.3 8.4 4460 1.7 22.5 18.99 2212 10900 2688 0.62 3.14 9.7 0.15 572 1682 52.60 401 6.99
S4006 J7 - 2.d 162 98 4270 1.7 111 18.82 2158 10750 3670 3.33 3.68 24.4 1.04 570.6 1713 53.80 331 6.15
S4006 J3 - 1.d 104.2 4.1 4060 2.2 25.5 17.01 2106 10650 2325 0.19 3.33 9.61 0.12 548 1726 56.40 348.5 6.56
S4006 J8 - 1.d 101.6 4.28 4010 2.0 23 17.23 2171 10500 3600 0.228 3.4 9.69 0.11 534 1679 55.40 347 6
S4006 J8 - 2.d 104.2 5.18 4350 1.4 26.5 17.14 2196 10630 3190 0.165 3.09 8.36 0.10 538 1700 56.20 359 6.68
S4006 J2 - 1.d 121 64 5130 1.7 75 20.9 2580 10760 22500 5.1 3.22 23.4 0.80 551 1690 55.90 347 7.04
S4006 J2 - 2.d 99.5 2.69 4470 1.3 18 17.02 2153 10490 2253 0.23 3.17 9.03 0.09 546.9 1659 55.00 321.2 6.01300 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 54 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
N17-44 N17-44.G.1 - 5
N17-44 N17-44.G.1 - 6
N17-44 N17-44.G.1 - 7
N17-44 N17-44.G.1 - 8
N17-44 N17-44.G.1 - 9
N17-44 N17-44.G.1 - 10
N17-44 N17-44.G.1 - 11
N17-44 N17-44.G.1 - 12
N17-44 N17-44.G.1 - 13
N17-44 N17-44.G.1 - 14
N17-44 N17-44.G.1 - 15
N17-44 N17-44.G.1 - 16
N17-44 N17-44.G.1 - 17
N17-44 N17-44.G.1 - 18
N17-44 N17-44.G.1 - 19
N17-44 N17-44.G.1 - 20
N17-44 N17-44.G.1 - 21
N17-44 N17-44.G.1 - 22
N17-44 N17-44.G.1 - 23
N17-44 N17-44.G.1 - 24
N17-44 N17-44.G.1 - 25
N17-44 N17-44.G.2 - 1
N17-44 N17-44.G.2 - 2
N17-44 N17-44.G.2 - 3
N17-44 N17-44.G.2 - 4
S4006 J1 - 1.d
S4006 J1 - 2.d
S4006 J1 - 3.d
S4006 J1 - 4.d
S4006 J1 - 5.d
S4006 J1 - 6.d
S4006 J1 - 7.d
S4006 J1 - 8.d
S4006 J5 - 1.d
S4006 J5 - 2.d
S4006 J5 - 3.d
S4006 J5 - 4.d
S4006 J5 - 5.d
S4006 J7 - 1.d
S4006 J7 - 2.d
S4006 J3 - 1.d
S4006 J8 - 1.d
S4006 J8 - 2.d
S4006 J2 - 1.d
S4006 J2 - 2.dHf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
30.7 49.9 31.4 26.5 7.5 0.75 0.385 0.01 0.07 20.5 8 1 hydrated granulite Radøy, western Norway
32.4 55.6 32.3 33.5 8.7 1.15 0.75 0.00 0.06 21.8 8 1 hydrated granulite Radøy, western Norway
33.1 54.1 31.1 27 4.22 1.65 0.34 0.00 0.03 13.9 8 1 hydrated granulite Radøy, western Norway
6.4 0.26 84.2 28.5 0.9 0.42 0.465 0.01 0.02 1.1 6 1 hydrated granulite Radøy, western Norway
6.8 1.34 0.55 38 0.95 0.6 0.415 0.01 0.02 5.3 8 1 hydrated granulite Radøy, western Norway
34 54.4 31.5 13.5 5.36 0.95 0.46 0.02 0.04 16.9 8 1 hydrated granulite Radøy, western Norway
31.7 49.5 30.8 29.5 1.11 1 0.195 0.00 0.03 2.5 8 1 hydrated granulite Radøy, western Norway
31.5 56.2 31.4 21 4.64 0.7 0.385 0.02 0.07 11.7 8 1 hydrated granulite Radøy, western Norway
33.1 52.2 33.8 7.99 3.67 1 0.335 0.01 0.03 11.0 8 1 hydrated granulite Radøy, western Norway
30.4 50.4 30.8 31 1.61 0.6 0.335 0.01 0.00 5.4 8 1 hydrated granulite Radøy, western Norway
34.2 55.1 34.7 26.5 1.25 0.55 0.6 0.01 0.05 2.8 8 1 hydrated granulite Radøy, western Norway
31.7 50.9 31 7.8 3.76 1.2 0.195 0.01 0.03 14.6 8 1 hydrated granulite Radøy, western Norway
30.8 49 32.3 26 4.79 1.05 0.24 0.01 0.05 11.6 8 1 hydrated granulite Radøy, western Norway
7 5.26 112 1.6 0.8 0.55 0.42 0.00 0.02 0.5 6 1 hydrated granulite Radøy, western Norway
9.3 5.74 0.285 27 2.49 0.95 0.5 0.00 0.02 7.8 8 1 hydrated granulite Radøy, western Norway
2.2 16.29 8.5 37.5 0.5 0.495 0.75 0.02 0.00 1.9 8 1 hydrated granulite Radøy, western Norway
34.1 51.8 30.8 36 4.56 0.55 0.4 0.01 0.06 15.5 8 1 hydrated granulite Radøy, western Norway
30.8 53.2 31.6 21 6.26 0.39 0.445 0.01 0.06 19.7 8 1 hydrated granulite Radøy, western Norway
32.6 53.4 29.3 26.5 6.45 0.7 0.85 0.00 0.07 20.1 8 1 hydrated granulite Radøy, western Norway
33 54.2 31.6 29.5 4.1 0.4 0.195 0.02 0.07 12.7 8 1 hydrated granulite Radøy, western Norway
32.4 50.3 29.9 55 4.97 0.75 0.17 0.01 0.10 13.7 8 1 hydrated granulite Radøy, western Norway
7.2 0.7 16.5 11.5 0.445 1.53 0.62 0.02 0.03 1.3 6 1 hydrated granulite Radøy, western Norway
6.6 25.4 107 18 0.98 1.1 0.8 0.01 0.08 0.0 3 1 hydrated granulite Radøy, western Norway
10.6 7.48 7.4 28 0.55 0.85 0.325 0.01 0.02 0.9 8 1 hydrated granulite Radøy, western Norway
7.48 51 97 29.5 0.55 0.9 0.3 0.01 0.02 0.3 3 1 hydrated granulite Radøy, western Norway
30.11 131.6 9870 0.285 242.6 61.2 0.026 0.01 0.00 144.7 9 2 pegmatite Wodgina, Pilbara
30.56 129 9710 0.29 241.7 60.1 0.008 0.01 0.00 146.5 9 2 pegmatite Wodgina, Pilbara
29.53 125.6 9660 0.91 245.9 63.1 1.032 0.02 0.00 145.5 9 2 pegmatite Wodgina, Pilbara
29.35 124.3 9630 0.365 243.6 61.5 0.0085 0.01 0.00 146.0 9 2 pegmatite Wodgina, Pilbara
28.38 124.7 9320 0.355 230.4 58.2 0.008 0.01 0.00 144.8 9 2 pegmatite Wodgina, Pilbara
30.07 124.1 9300 0.34 239.3 61.9 0.043 0.02 0.01 139.0 9 2 pegmatite Wodgina, Pilbara
29.92 126.7 9620 5.47 260.1 74.6 10.7 0.03 0.01 146.4 9 2 pegmatite Wodgina, Pilbara
29.8 125.2 9540 0.38 242.1 61.2 0.021 0.01 0.00 146.7 9 2 pegmatite Wodgina, Pilbara
29.5 125.9 10180 0.325 248.9 63.4 0.0075 0.01 0.00 146.8 9 2 pegmatite Wodgina, Pilbara
31.7 134.6 10930 0.31 311 73 0.01 0.01 0.00 150.0 9 2 pegmatite Wodgina, Pilbara
30.82 131.8 10860 0.295 308.2 72.4 0.014 0.02 0.00 148.6 9 2 pegmatite Wodgina, Pilbara
30.46 129.3 10990 0.33 304.9 72.1 0.0215 0.02 0.01 149.8 9 2 pegmatite Wodgina, Pilbara
30.26 130.3 10670 0.275 312.1 74 0.155 0.01 0.01 147.6 9 2 pegmatite Wodgina, Pilbara
30.19 131.8 11670 0.31 313 75.1 0.47 0.02 0.01 145.1 9 2 pegmatite Wodgina, Pilbara
29.71 131 10450 2.76 309 76.9 4.53 0.02 0.04 150.8 9 2 pegmatite Wodgina, Pilbara
29.6 124.8 10060 0.345 322 76.6 0.087 0.02 0.01 145.2 9 2 pegmatite Wodgina, Pilbara
28.78 118.9 10160 0.25 315 76.1 0.0105 0.03 0.02 147.3 9 2 pegmatite Wodgina, Pilbara
29.95 111.8 9820 0.33 324 76.1 0.0115 0.01 0.00 146.9 9 2 pegmatite Wodgina, Pilbara
29.95 118.5 10040 12 346 98.1 22.3 0.02 0.00 145.5 9 2 pegmatite Wodgina, Pilbara
29.96 119.7 9720 0.475 296.1 70.6 0.023 0.02 0.00 144.0 9 2 pegmatite Wodgina, PilbaraAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 301Appendix C Table 1 Page 55 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
S4006 J6 - 1.d 99.4 1.73 4640 1.3 20 17.41 2163 10690 2462 0.175 3 8.76 0.11 543.2 1681 54.00 354 6.37
S4006 J6 - 2.d 96.1 1.76 4320 1.1 22.5 16.92 2190 10420 2710 0.161 3.16 8.4 0.10 534 1699 55.00 346 6.67
S4006 J6 - 3.d 97.2 1.76 4320 1.4 12 17.14 2035 10320 2145 0.171 3.11 8.92 0.10 544.9 1705 54.60 354 6.6
S4006 J4 - 1.d 260 171 4370 1.2 18 19.42 2116 10540 3540 5.06 2.98 11.34 0.64 551 1683 54.70 323.9 6.12
S4006 J4 - 2.d 231 340 4810 1.7 76 21.4 2128 10440 5400 9.4 4.33 76 2.04 555.1 1715 55.80 347 6.89
S4006 J4 - 3.d 167 180 4350 1.9 320 19.7 2145 10490 4700 5.3 4.34 61 1.16 565 1688 56.70 347 6.3
168924 168924Z - 1.d 6580 7420 9900 2.5 167 55.5 1509 464.6 2171 3.76 3.1 13.4 23.01 47.52 5570 6.59 562 17.8
168924 168924Z - 2.d 3920 5000 7990 2.3 201 59.2 1516 190.5 1880 2.3 2.96 14.07 31.41 46.2 6360 1.31 616 62.4
168924 168924Z - 3.d 16300 16200 19700 1.3 248 45.99 1148 486 4270 3.7 3.04 23.1 27.93 43.8 6200 5.35 292 17.3
168924 168924Z - 4.d 2430 6630 10110 1.8 201 102.6 1070 392 3560 1.52 3.05 8.98 51.30 47.6 6940 5.78 217 4.45
168924 168924Z - 5.d 6700 9100 40900 2.0 184 89.3 1688 205.2 3320 4.06 3.9 11.9 27.20 40.4 10270 2.66 323 16.3
168924 168924Z - 6.d 2530 4480 6920 1.8 214 68.8 1551 233.5 1843 1.55 3.4 9.06 24.40 28.53 6260 8.17 330 3.89
168924 168924Z - 7.d 7790 9810 103000 1.8 160 51.3 1381 353.7 2048 4.69 2.93 14.37 15.29 53.49 4246 5.80 857 93.1
168924 168924Z - 8.d 1206 4650 11230 1.9 221 52.1 1342 277.1 1445 0.61 2.63 9.09 18.88 49.93 5800 4.23 266.9 17.78
168924 168924Z - 9.d 7440 8220 10270 0.6 98 70.4 1270 429 2361 4.38 2.91 13.28 24.40 30.64 4940 2.69 489 7.35
168924 168924Z - 10.d 3170 10000 9300 1.3 169 59.2 1056 264 2270 0.71 5.58 9.86 28.10 24.29 6230 1.75 209.8 2.59
168924 168924Z - 11.d 6910 7610 10200 1.5 94 60.7 1322 640 2700 4.38 3.63 12.6 14.80 34.61 6360 2.72 299 3.46
168924 168924Z - 12.d 34800 41800 40900 2.7 189 71.6 1520 21.3 7530 21.6 5.43 24 16.82 65.1 6630 18.30 582 14
168924 168924Z - 13.d 9100 9800 13200 1.7 290 57.8 1331 296 2760 5.7 3.63 15.7 40.30 35.38 5430 4.24 298 7.4
168924 168924Z - 14.d 1070 3950 6720 2.2 255 73.1 1842 620 3370 0.99 4.43 9.63 35.50 54.1 14050 6.47 287 7.09
168924 168924Z - 15.d 2190 3940 6950 1.8 278 63.4 1451 1031 1481 1.26 3.18 10.03 32.30 86.2 6750 8.45 431 18.8
168924 168924Z - 16.d 6900 8000 129000 2.5 165 62.4 1487 59.4 2430 3.99 4.87 14.4 22.64 41.1 5500 9.80 393 18.4
168924 168924Z - 17.d 2390 4440 7600 1.0 333 59.1 1544 210.6 1817 1.59 3.97 9.92 43.60 39.84 5730 6.39 294 4.78
168924 168924Z - 18.d 5430 12980 13940 1.1 171 43.6 1251 274.6 1326 1.9 3.94 14.13 33.24 68.3 4880 2.73 333 74.2
168924 168924Z - 19.d 2070 7820 12350 1.7 196 54.6 1577 313.2 1379 1.28 3.56 13.75 20.50 90.3 5980 3.15 921 173
168924 168924Z - 20.d 240 3430 7120 1.5 266 74.9 1621 229.8 2537 0.294 5.48 8.11 39.70 38.05 9410 6.53 360 1.57
168924 168924Z - 21.d 1059 2960 5780 1.7 286 69.2 1364 1147 1029 0.74 4.57 9.1 34.90 64.7 5940 8.24 474 13.2
168924 168924Z - 22.d 6200 6700 11200 1.7 178 90.9 1630 613 2790 4.1 4.07 11.9 20.53 46.1 8480 4.41 318 14.38
168924 168924Z - 23.d 1030 2210 4170 2.2 199 115.3 1334 850 784 0.92 5.07 9.93 60.50 123.3 4800 1.43 917 46
168924 168924Z - 24.d 4500 11000 14500 1.0 279 59.1 1461 192.8 2080 2.6 3.66 13.4 31.10 51.8 5440 5.16 306 9.4
168924 168924Z - 25.d 33900 43400 49200 1.3 208 49.1 1352 188.7 8790 21.1 5.35 38 25.30 45.03 5890 3.17 714 127.3
168924 168924Z - 26.d 2610 12800 15700 1.4 380 59.7 1428 344 1762 1.48 4.84 10.1 28.15 58.9 5620 6.30 380 6.39
168924 168924Z - 27.d 2790 6460 225000 1.4 272 161.4 1234 400 2065 2.13 3.61 8.26 26.70 83.9 7230 4.21 403 40.3
168924 168924Z - 28.d 18000 17400 20500 1.4 117 45.8 1491 335.3 3760 11.3 5.5 15 11.00 33.58 4350 3.44 308 5.4
168924 168924Z - 29.d 2500 4000 21500 1.5 131 51.2 1230 1382 940 2.03 4.3 11.2 26.71 80.5 5400 4.47 764 67.9
168924 168924Z - 30.d 4330 7450 11100 1.2 143 41.5 1858 138 2481 2.96 4.05 10.9 12.85 31.79 7480 5.73 312 3.13
168924 168924Z - 31.d 5390 6250 9390 1.6 146 67.5 1572 117.3 2540 3.57 3.73 11.5 16.58 28.82 7310 3.31 393 4
168924 168924Z - 32.d 5880 8150 9840 1.6 117 82.9 1337 134.4 2872 3.38 2.85 12.2 17.22 18.55 8020 2.46 416 8.73
168924 168924Z - 33.d 4110 8000 10390 2.0 452 51.9 1017 259 2699 2.29 3.78 12 118.30 46.3 6630 1.09 150.3 4.25
168924 168924Z - 34.d 741 3670 6740 2.4 380 75.2 1390 1240 1206 0.53 3.34 8.32 38.91 70.9 5980 10.16 348 9.5
168924 168924Z - 35.d 720 2530 5400 2.5 235 92.9 1446 471 1860 0.478 3.85 7.71 27.20 62.29 6860 6.66 367 2.93
168924 168924Z - 36.d 5000 7100 9500 2.4 138 79.4 1247 987 1590 2.81 4.12 7.78 36.40 29.7 4910 3.15 344 5.8
168924 168924Z - 37.d 1680 2960 20000 1.6 118 53.4 1665 459 1720 1.63 3.89 9.14 19.68 83.4 7370 4.98 451 56.9
168924 168924Z - 38.d 5190 5780 7450 1.8 55 71.4 1352 120.5 2265 3.03 3.12 10.95 20.21 22.52 5900 3.55 339 5.79
168924 168924Z - 39.d 4880 6970 14320 1.9 93 38.69 1442 634 1685 2.59 3.13 11.8 8.42 50.6 4940 4.56 415 12.67302 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 56 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
S4006 J6 - 1.d
S4006 J6 - 2.d
S4006 J6 - 3.d
S4006 J4 - 1.d
S4006 J4 - 2.d
S4006 J4 - 3.d
168924 168924Z - 1.d
168924 168924Z - 2.d
168924 168924Z - 3.d
168924 168924Z - 4.d
168924 168924Z - 5.d
168924 168924Z - 6.d
168924 168924Z - 7.d
168924 168924Z - 8.d
168924 168924Z - 9.d
168924 168924Z - 10.d
168924 168924Z - 11.d
168924 168924Z - 12.d
168924 168924Z - 13.d
168924 168924Z - 14.d
168924 168924Z - 15.d
168924 168924Z - 16.d
168924 168924Z - 17.d
168924 168924Z - 18.d
168924 168924Z - 19.d
168924 168924Z - 20.d
168924 168924Z - 21.d
168924 168924Z - 22.d
168924 168924Z - 23.d
168924 168924Z - 24.d
168924 168924Z - 25.d
168924 168924Z - 26.d
168924 168924Z - 27.d
168924 168924Z - 28.d
168924 168924Z - 29.d
168924 168924Z - 30.d
168924 168924Z - 31.d
168924 168924Z - 32.d
168924 168924Z - 33.d
168924 168924Z - 34.d
168924 168924Z - 35.d
168924 168924Z - 36.d
168924 168924Z - 37.d
168924 168924Z - 38.d
168924 168924Z - 39.dHf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
29.51 113.8 9940 0.38 325 77.1 0.011 0.02 0.00 148.8 9 2 pegmatite Wodgina, Pilbara
28.74 111.7 10140 0.24 321 78.6 0.01 0.01 0.00 148.1 9 2 pegmatite Wodgina, Pilbara
30.29 101.5 9310 0.345 320 76 0.009 0.02 0.01 151.3 9 2 pegmatite Wodgina, Pilbara
29.34 118.9 9660 2.14 312 76.7 3.74 0.02 0.01 146.1 9 2 pegmatite Wodgina, Pilbara
29.91 125 9950 4.5 334 89.3 12.2 0.01 0.21 157.8 9 2 pegmatite Wodgina, Pilbara
30.46 125.3 9990 4.1 337 86.3 8.9 0.02 0.13 156.4 9 2 pegmatite Wodgina, Pilbara
3.27 120.7 534 28.1 196.3 69.7 55.7 0.04 54.60 60.2 1 3 volcaniclastic Whim Creek
2.14 59.2 308 58.5 664 195.6 128.1 0.09 127.10 255.0 1 3 volcaniclastic Whim Creek
3.39 292.1 702 36 341 111 82.7 0.04 106.80 96.3 1 3 volcaniclastic Whim Creek
4.08 169.4 720 9.5 103 31.6 29.5 0.03 47.42 31.6 1 3 volcaniclastic Whim Creek
2.45 303 294.4 22.5 216.5 70.2 49.9 0.02 68.00 81.7 1 3 volcaniclastic Whim Creek
2.27 270.3 744 17.4 133.4 47.6 33.44 0.03 42.40 47.2 1 3 volcaniclastic Whim Creek
2.87 121.5 453 42 580 160 107.4 0.01 113.10 212.3 1 3 volcaniclastic Whim Creek
3.51 128 853 24.1 266.3 83 66.4 0.01 106.70 89.3 1 3 volcaniclastic Whim Creek
1.99 143.4 459 14.2 114.3 39.1 25.15 0.01 25.44 39.6 1 3 volcaniclastic Whim Creek
2.04 109.4 596 16.3 102.7 38.6 29.7 0.01 34.10 32.1 1 3 volcaniclastic Whim Creek
2.82 191.2 906 10.6 96.4 32.1 20.6 0.02 27.80 34.5 1 3 volcaniclastic Whim Creek
5.98 157.5 856 20.3 156 56.1 41.9 0.02 37.90 44.0 1 3 volcaniclastic Whim Creek
2.1 113.6 516 28.1 277.9 89.7 60.9 0.06 91.00 96.8 1 3 volcaniclastic Whim Creek
4.03 365.5 395 24.7 173 63.3 52.4 0.03 73.00 54.9 1 3 volcaniclastic Whim Creek
6.29 407.3 565 41.1 437 134.3 93.2 0.06 141.30 159.0 1 3 volcaniclastic Whim Creek
2.24 310 758 16.8 174 56.7 42 0.02 62.60 60.7 1 3 volcaniclastic Whim Creek
3.19 303.8 745 25.9 164.6 63.2 46.6 0.02 51.30 49.6 1 3 volcaniclastic Whim Creek
3.71 189.8 368 27.8 732 229 140.7 0.02 196.20 295.0 1 3 volcaniclastic Whim Creek
4.55 833 510 38.3 939 288 184.3 0.04 164.40 397.0 1 3 volcaniclastic Whim Creek
3.25 269.7 1159 6.91 122.6 45.9 49.7 0.01 94.40 39.1 1 3 volcaniclastic Whim Creek
6.08 156.3 676 20.6 315 117.9 81.2 0.02 108.80 113.9 1 3 volcaniclastic Whim Creek
3.59 799 887 8.44 123.4 46.4 42.6 0.04 76.30 46.3 1 3 volcaniclastic Whim Creek
6.55 221.7 284.1 58.3 1091 334.2 184.1 0.02 305.00 560.0 1 3 volcaniclastic Whim Creek
3.72 680 644 11.7 158 63.1 48.2 0.02 78.10 63.9 1 3 volcaniclastic Whim Creek
2.63 125.7 412 25.6 499 167.8 119.2 0.07 128.10 197.0 1 3 volcaniclastic Whim Creek
3.71 151.4 1118 12.7 117 51.5 48 0.02 71.00 43.4 1 3 volcaniclastic Whim Creek
6.36 334.5 810 10.9 131 50.8 43.3 0.02 69.70 57.6 1 3 volcaniclastic Whim Creek
2.79 53.1 1092 3.47 69.5 24.7 15.54 0.01 21.51 30.4 1 3 volcaniclastic Whim Creek
5.3 485 375 36.8 758 257 147 0.02 164.70 362.0 1 3 volcaniclastic Whim Creek
2.01 65 1301 7.11 95.7 38.4 23.56 0.01 28.10 36.8 1 3 volcaniclastic Whim Creek
2.4 224.2 662 10.3 107.1 44.9 29.7 0.01 29.79 37.1 1 3 volcaniclastic Whim Creek
1.11 70.9 320 8.89 73.4 32.5 35.7 0.01 41.90 21.9 1 3 volcaniclastic Whim Creek
3.28 421.9 758 11.3 128.7 52.7 45.3 0.02 70.00 45.6 1 3 volcaniclastic Whim Creek
5.97 221.2 1126 15 188 74.9 60.9 0.01 92.40 63.0 1 3 volcaniclastic Whim Creek
4.62 185.7 1386 11.5 122.4 49.9 40.2 0.01 61.40 43.4 1 3 volcaniclastic Whim Creek
2.58 70.8 575 5.74 59.1 24.3 21.9 0.01 39.20 23.2 1 3 volcaniclastic Whim Creek
5.88 394 586 13 251.5 84.6 75.8 0.03 106.70 96.7 1 3 volcaniclastic Whim Creek
1.65 421.7 348 10.7 83.5 30.9 20.1 0.01 18.93 27.1 1 3 volcaniclastic Whim Creek
5.07 199.6 1032 11.7 113.2 38.9 31 0.02 30.39 37.2 1 3 volcaniclastic Whim CreekAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 303Appendix C Table 1 Page 57 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
168924 168924Z - 40.d 1140 3880 29700 1.7 274 96.9 1692 818 1747 0.98 3.34 8.5 23.52 50.03 8520 6.14 355 13.3
168924 168924Z - 41.d 508 1760 4600 0.6 243 148.1 522 52.7 1672 0.419 2.76 7.41 20.27 9.29 5240 0.54 157.2 3.11
168924 168924Z - 42.d 6840 7590 9180 1.4 230 63.5 1537 145.3 2232 3.5 5.11 12.18 40.99 29.68 5430 2.08 436 20.3
168924 168924Z - 43.d 630 3230 6800 0.9 250 84.9 1497 895 1118 0.538 2.64 8.37 24.47 37.65 4930 4.90 307 2.26
168924 168924Z - 44.d 1870 10450 19600 0.4 175 61.6 1220 477.3 1272 1.09 4.85 9.34 20.89 81.1 4679 4.80 599 30.7
168924 168924Z - 45.d 4690 7900 10160 1.1 265 98.5 1455 586 3170 3.68 4.11 12.5 38.49 54.87 9430 7.50 274 5.85
168924 168924Z - 46.d 11260 13200 14430 1.7 78 50.4 1565 120.6 3720 7.4 3.27 18.1 8.29 28.47 7140 3.63 478 12.94
168924 168924Z - 47.d 8920 9650 11390 1.3 152 57 1546 346.6 2775 4.97 3.19 15.5 28.60 63.7 6290 7.00 476 18.6
168924 168924Z - 48.d 16100 16000 18700 1.8 124 64.6 1557 100.3 4640 10.3 4.73 23.6 16.03 29.63 5810 4.83 500 25.4
168924 168924Z - 49.d 10200 11400 20200 1.9 133 34.21 1182 2764 1870 4.76 2.91 13.1 11.71 57.5 4870 4.24 414 10.12
168924 168924Z - 50.d 1840 3840 6530 1.8 313 118.5 1584 225 1986 1.13 2.81 8.26 33.47 50.2 6480 11.55 207.1 1.7
169026 169026Z - 1.d 169 2800 23200 2.0 32 62.9 678 4460 705 2.4 10.2 9.01 36.40 243 899 1.31 108.2 29
169026 169026Z - 2.d 140 2190 10700 1.8 44 26.5 539 9610 570 0.8 13.5 8.93 7.50 54.8 1031 1.65 108.9 30.2
169026 169026Z - 3.d 382 17900 54000 2.3 202 206 747 1810 8500 3.08 123 18 300 9300 1019 16.90 91.2 215
169026 169026Z - 4.d 98.5 109 3410 2.4 16 602 5523 537 152 0.24 10.3 8.8 10.20 708 1087 1.24 334 1.47
169026 169026Z - 5.d 421 29500 104000 3.1 52 304 2023 1190 952 1.87 46.1 13.3 2.79 352.3 650 3.28 1371 29.3
169026 169026Z - 6.d 112.1 1042 5200 2.2 111 47.2 660 501 1156 1.09 12 8.39 8.52 12.4 589 3.38 39 39.8
169026 169026Z - 7.d 109 638 5660 2.7 71 59.2 400 73.7 1180 1.76 19.3 10.65 5.76 7.96 201 1.80 7.2 88.5
169026 169026Z - 8.d 250 3920 32000 2.2 199 114.5 1580 306 1940 3.12 29 11.3 5.86 22.66 730 9.90 33.8 47.1
169026 169026Z - 9.d 209 6900 35300 2.0 20 29.1 731 7880 620 0.86 21.1 11.27 0.96 8.61 981 2.47 112.5 37.8
169026 169026Z - 10.d 280 13200 62400 2.9 83 74.8 856 4660 1160 4 26.9 13.3 8.54 43.1 986 4.64 73.9 45.9
169026 169026Z - 11.d 102.1 34.2 3530 1.8 20 222.2 3927 209.7 191.2 0.29 7.86 7.25 0.20 1230 598.2 11.21 126 0.86
169026 169026Z - 12.d 2630 34500 46900 1.6 137 553 2203 5150 4000 43.4 15.7 71 1.17 51.1 74.9 4.33 26 24.7
169026 169026Z - 13.d 227.7 11690 184000 0.7 352 72.2 1077 5086 16010 4.55 186.9 18.79 49 322 822 125.90 188.3 1033
169026 169026Z - 14.d 527 34900 99000 1.7 715 107.3 1600 4490 11590 5.36 185 33.4 1470 111 2139 91.90 376 541
169026 169026Z - 15.d 404 16800 26400 2.2 561 96.1 1628 4230 38900 13.98 480 48.5 91.00 580 1429 343.20 174.1 2600
169026 169026Z - 16.d 407 24400 82000 1.7 133 44.2 557 5620 1630 2.32 24.4 12.6 16.00 10.71 833 3.69 118 43.7
169026 169026Z - 17.d 92.9 708 3150 1.5 15 297.9 1633 982 1010 0.667 2.53 6.6 0.31 114.1 753 1.54 5607 3.43
169026 169026Z - 18.d 441 1870 9340 1.4 44 59.4 123 184 1544 8.4 4.79 11.2 6.88 16.6 704 0.21 8.74 17.9
169026 169026Z - 19.d 549 14100 146000 1.9 148 95 3200 2020 1140 9.6 37.3 12.97 9.10 18.2 794 1.09 75.8 59.5
169026 169026Z - 20.d 156 4980 49100 1.8 44 41.7 531 2610 937 1.01 8.31 9.28 7.97 9.03 806 1.86 63.9 37.9
169026 169026Z - 21.d 848 19800 29400 2.4 288 123.9 866 1034 2490 3.71 15.1 89.6 74.00 1400 2612 5.50 893 21.3
169026 169026Z - 22.d 123 2240 13000 2.8 80 58.2 1210 5450 531 0.58 15.6 9.06 22.10 31 836 2.29 149.8 40.1
169026 169026Z - 23.d 160.2 4970 140000 2.5 41 32.2 955 8810 267 0.94 6.99 10.07 1.36 8.54 1020 1.15 169.4 35.1
169026 169026Z - 24.d 184.3 5880 30400 3.6 371 196.7 1751 3866 29400 9.69 390 59.8 73.80 187.3 1457 221.00 473 1880
169026 169026Z - 25.d 102.3 321 7260 2.4 202 280.2 2505 71.5 390 0.92 3.58 9.87 21.08 48.27 688 0.93 4310 10.73
169026 169026Z - 26.d 141 6000 19200 1.8 17 90.4 103 548 1500 0.82 22 12 6.33 53 815 2.41 18.8 43.7
169026 169026Z - 27.d 160 1044 8010 2.1 196 762 375 9.6 2250 3.34 13.3 10.35 33.60 687 908 1.65 181.6 52.5
169026 169026Z - 28.d 484 20920 46200 2.2 748 123.8 1436 3125 32100 10.85 499 36.3 211.00 3790 1007 202.40 97.6 954
169026 169026Z - 29.d 116.9 763 4410 0.8 89 187.5 1271 140.7 1867 1.89 10.8 10.6 0.73 436 259.3 0.31 634 24.9
169026 169026Z - 30.d 132 3200 57000 0.7 168 23.1 1208 4250 970 1.54 16.6 16.3 50.80 839 1678 6.20 81.8 81
169026 169026Z - 31.d 499 8000 11800 1.1 15.5 50.1 482 1420 1780 10.2 13.2 12.9 22.90 183 698 3.09 108.8 29.4
169026 169026Z - 32.d 265 11600 21400 1.9 56 45.3 596 5510 1960 1.77 26.7 11.6 6.53 17.19 854 8.00 100.7 39.3
169026 169026Z - 33.d 308 3630 72800 1.9 92 59.7 603 1620 1101 5.66 8.6 9.6 18.72 14.4 875 0.48 86.9 48.5
169026 169026Z - 34.d 257 16900 42500 0.8 23.5 52.3 1041 2957 1175 0.88 25.8 10.57 7.58 78.6 566 8.24 56.2 70.9304 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 58 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
168924 168924Z - 40.d
168924 168924Z - 41.d
168924 168924Z - 42.d
168924 168924Z - 43.d
168924 168924Z - 44.d
168924 168924Z - 45.d
168924 168924Z - 46.d
168924 168924Z - 47.d
168924 168924Z - 48.d
168924 168924Z - 49.d
168924 168924Z - 50.d
169026 169026Z - 1.d
169026 169026Z - 2.d
169026 169026Z - 3.d
169026 169026Z - 4.d
169026 169026Z - 5.d
169026 169026Z - 6.d
169026 169026Z - 7.d
169026 169026Z - 8.d
169026 169026Z - 9.d
169026 169026Z - 10.d
169026 169026Z - 11.d
169026 169026Z - 12.d
169026 169026Z - 13.d
169026 169026Z - 14.d
169026 169026Z - 15.d
169026 169026Z - 16.d
169026 169026Z - 17.d
169026 169026Z - 18.d
169026 169026Z - 19.d
169026 169026Z - 20.d
169026 169026Z - 21.d
169026 169026Z - 22.d
169026 169026Z - 23.d
169026 169026Z - 24.d
169026 169026Z - 25.d
169026 169026Z - 26.d
169026 169026Z - 27.d
169026 169026Z - 28.d
169026 169026Z - 29.d
169026 169026Z - 30.d
169026 169026Z - 31.d
169026 169026Z - 32.d
169026 169026Z - 33.d
169026 169026Z - 34.dHf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
4.49 214.2 942 17.1 155.4 57 38.8 0.01 48.50 54.9 1 3 volcaniclastic Whim Creek
0.812 196.6 135.4 8.6 27.3 15.26 12.7 0.01 9.81 8.0 1 3 volcaniclastic Whim Creek
2.15 369.4 286.2 40.5 294 110.9 81.5 0.02 78.50 94.2 1 3 volcaniclastic Whim Creek
3.47 157.1 1171 12.7 126.4 43.4 29.76 0.01 47.50 46.0 1 3 volcaniclastic Whim Creek
4.88 115.9 673 38.7 429 143.3 97.7 0.02 111.20 139.6 1 3 volcaniclastic Whim Creek
4.61 772 831 15.2 102.7 41.3 42.7 0.02 68.40 34.0 1 3 volcaniclastic Whim Creek
1.77 75.3 663 25.5 145.6 60 46 0.01 38.20 45.4 1 3 volcaniclastic Whim Creek
4.21 141.4 513 20.2 165 62.1 58.7 0.04 75.60 53.5 1 3 volcaniclastic Whim Creek
1.93 396 585 23.2 187 69 52.1 0.01 35.80 50.8 1 3 volcaniclastic Whim Creek
6.56 96.5 1090 12 122.6 43.5 31.8 0.02 46.60 45.1 1 3 volcaniclastic Whim Creek
3.74 206.9 814 17.1 113.3 47.2 34.5 0.03 39.76 37.9 1 3 volcaniclastic Whim Creek
9.09 25.21 1825 3.6 7.07 4.52 4.65 0.02 4.23 2.0 4 3 volcaniclastic Warrowoona
3.08 38.02 346 1.47 2.51 2.06 2.2 0.02 2.44 0.6 4 3 volcaniclastic Warrowoona
240 36.76 584 15.4 65 33.6 28.7 0.07 39.40 28.9 4 4 volcaniclastic Warrowoona
54.7 48.42 146 2.04 15.1 6.8 2.96 0.01 2.29 4.7 7 5 volcaniclastic Warrowoona
14.64 30.4 535 3.5 34.5 13.87 2.48 0.01 1.15 12.0 1 3 volcaniclastic Warrowoona
0.931 17.72 644 6.15 6.92 7.37 6.77 0.00 1.19 0.8 4 3 volcaniclastic Warrowoona
0.58 8.77 1170 9.8 9.1 10.7 9.85 0.01 0.07 0.3 4 3 volcaniclastic Warrowoona
1.6 19.69 1920 3.58 6.62 6.54 5.69 0.01 0.25 0.8 4 3 volcaniclastic Warrowoona
1.23 37.91 294 1.18 2.08 1.85 1.96 0.01 1.18 0.1 4 3 volcaniclastic Warrowoona
4.72 47.7 171.9 3.17 11.67 7.59 7.81 0.03 9.43 4.0 4 3 volcaniclastic Warrowoona
30.3 22.53 69.6 0.71 52.47 18.97 0.638 0.02 0.02 19.0 7 5 volcaniclastic Warrowoona
3.13 9.01 1450 0.65 9.72 3.93 1.06 0.01 1.10 3.4 2 3 volcaniclastic Warrowoona
10.4 20.32 2121 34 107.1 70.8 94.1 0.28 150.80 27.6 4 4 volcaniclastic Warrowoona
5.71 125.6 957 64.1 179.7 135.9 147.7 0.05 124.20 38.5 4 4 volcaniclastic Warrowoona
17.7 65 848 165 415 331 327 0.56 166.50 73.3 4 4 volcaniclastic Warrowoona
0.933 25.55 1410 4.09 6.44 6.43 6.27 0.00 1.93 0.5 4 3 volcaniclastic Warrowoona
6.65 27.7 3430 0.33 7.32 2.59 0.072 0.02 0.03 2.7 1 3 volcaniclastic Warrowoona
1.317 21.44 162 2.49 4.26 5.15 4.78 0.00 0.17 0.1 4 3 volcaniclastic Warrowoona
1.86 32.3 4420 4.2 8.5 7.36 6.53 0.00 1.14 1.3 2 3 volcaniclastic Warrowoona
0.764 23.76 1400 2.04 3.96 3.55 3.37 0.00 1.73 0.7 4 3 volcaniclastic Warrowoona
36.2 66.8 260 2.21 23.8 10.32 6.69 0.02 12.00 8.4 4 3 volcaniclastic Warrowoona
1.87 25.57 1780 3.75 8.04 7.44 7.79 0.00 5.14 1.1 4 3 volcaniclastic Warrowoona
1.357 35.65 1410 1.09 1.74 1.39 1.511 0.01 1.14 0.2 4 3 volcaniclastic Warrowoona
6.14 55.04 508.3 86.5 318 199.8 217.2 0.33 225.50 89.0 4 4 volcaniclastic Warrowoona
2.61 31.9 750 3.91 48.9 21.35 13.53 0.00 20.48 15.7 1 3 volcaniclastic Warrowoona
2.01 21.45 221 3.16 5.8 4.92 5.6 0.01 2.76 0.7 4 3 volcaniclastic Warrowoona
33 38.6 1515 7.49 14.18 15.18 15.85 0.04 9.30 1.0 3 4 volcaniclastic Warrowoona
86 33.39 432 163.4 302 270 251.4 0.28 91.60 50.0 4 4 volcaniclastic Warrowoona
18.25 8.78 5760 4.8 5.03 5.83 5.55 0.02 0.05 0.1 2 3 volcaniclastic Warrowoona
53.4 51.2 344 15.6 41.7 30.2 31.8 0.02 39.40 10.6 4 3 volcaniclastic Warrowoona
5.3 21.7 920 1.56 4.88 3.36 3.64 0.01 3.87 1.2 4 3 volcaniclastic Warrowoona
1.24 27.08 1462 2.6 3.53 3.31 3.43 0.02 2.46 0.5 4 3 volcaniclastic Warrowoona
1.08 21.85 1350 5.39 8.09 8.24 8 0.00 3.28 0.7 2 3 volcaniclastic Warrowoona
3.51 13 88.6 4.52 10.37 6.16 8.75 0.01 16.59 3.5 4 3 volcaniclastic WarrowoonaAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 305Appendix C Table 1 Page 59 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
169026 169026Z - 35.d 570 49000 92000 0.5 53 85 1153 3390 3280 2.8 82 19.1 87.00 632 527 12.10 88.4 123
169026 169026Z - 36.d 143 2765 70800 2.1 416 173.9 1955 3018 12500 5.82 104.1 39.2 78.20 512 1593 88.90 832 1597
169026 169026Z - 37.d 174.6 7340 16440 2.2 1050 76.3 836 5290 1210 1.23 55.5 16.5 23.40 343 954 5.47 102.8 50.5
169026 169026Z - 38.d 208 7500 45000 2.7 101 45.6 374 322 2860 3.24 50.3 15.4 5.17 12.7 272 31.20 34.7 53.3
169026 169026Z - 39.d 91.5 552 7100 1.8 13.5 83.3 1432 867 679 0.279 5.49 7.13 0.40 135 3340 1.72 518 11.6
169026 169026Z - 40.d 272 3360 63900 1.8 140 56.2 626 1870 1830 6.01 25.2 8.15 20.20 13.2 844 5.90 74.2 35.9
169026 169026Z - 41.d 299 5010 18000 1.9 67 40 531 464 5220 5.64 82 62 5.30 19.66 2600 14.30 42 37.4
169026 169026Z - 42.d 407 6710 13100 1.6 104 292.8 855 3720 3700 9.7 33.7 10.69 42.60 680 694 14.30 137.1 79.6
169026 169026Z - 43.d 579 26700 182000 2.6 176 158.2 1472 3480 2540 6.67 146 16.9 13.05 13 1239 4.39 123.2 57.9
169026 169026Z - 44.d 475 26920 39000 2.3 170 42.34 475.7 9700 31080 8.24 575 25.9 13.93 90.6 986 252.40 247.7 668
169026 169026Z - 45.d 616 17400 37700 2.4 674 140.8 1599 1713 28300 7.31 390 29.3 151.90 185.3 1132 218.00 60.8 701
169026 169026Z - 46.d 708 9500 32300 0.5 63 85.9 1164 2330 3750 18.5 40.4 14.9 16.80 175 989 11.60 122.3 80.4
169026 169026Z - 47.d 412 18890 38700 2.3 802 81.7 1877 3787 16750 10.19 191.3 33.7 72.70 346 2041 101.70 120.5 909
169026 169026Z - 48.d 163 1429 10400 8.4 87 10.38 30.8 66.4 1716 0.818 15.9 10.34 3.26 8.44 774 1.82 1.1 25
169026 169026Z - 49.d 169 2980 9570 9.2 110 45.5 492 1468 1017 2.35 9.44 9.8 30.35 7.86 704 0.34 65.9 30.9
169026 169026Z - 50.d 129.7 1064 5240 8.6 291 141.2 1780 470 1440 1.75 9.9 9.23 119.40 216.2 1691 0.36 234 64.3
91591 91591M - 1.d 217.6 4250 12090 9.2 270 93.1 11.95 3.02 135500 7.62 8.92 95.6 8850 222.4 39100 11.90 10.98 130.5
91591 91591M - 2.d 199.7 15400 24800 11.1 709 615 37.4 4.6 20810 5.19 86.1 25.1 1230 249 15580 23.39 136.7 12.12
91591 91591M - 3.d 587 5390 9990 7.7 437 232.1 1013 81 21380 0.66 10.68 18.8 6090 26 63900 3.33 658 44.4
91591 91591M - 4.d 211.8 1291 9540 7.6 249 64.3 9.69 3.14 17080 1.51 16.29 22 137 36.2 28580 0.47 2.78 11.97
91591 91591M - 5.d 8790 14300 51000 3.3 380 197.4 764 103.1 38900 7.16 20.19 44 461 62.5 49300 1.79 563 48.8
91591 91591M - 6.d 249 2450 5780 8.0 281 196 392 121.4 7590 0.91 6 20 103 14.5 13240 18.90 344 21.1
91591 91591M - 7.d 2370 8800 17600 16.3 235 266.7 1254 129.9 87800 9.85 54.3 58 2060 39.7 49400 2.63 1001 125.2
91591 91591M - 8.d 289 8790 26100 11.4 1045 54.4 14.55 2.87 28100 7.9 56.4 42.4 69.70 53 19570 0.16 3.33 7.82
91591 91591M - 9.d 157.6 960 17400 7.6 51 64.4 8.86 2.07 7920 0.207 9.44 9.8 12.51 67.2 28510 1.64 16.67 4.42
91591 91591M - 10.d 169 1350 4750 16.7 213 90.3 19.2 3.24 10000 0.336 6.27 11.83 179 37.6 29510 1.65 16.2 9.41
91591 91591M - 11.d 217.6 3760 10700 10.5 350 232.1 975 164.2 97800 6.83 29.4 64.4 1024 111.7 57900 6.80 934 334
91591 91591M - 12.d 1740 2360 7170 10.3 138 221.9 34.6 4.35 17040 1.61 15.6 21.2 195 144 35300 2.47 68.4 25.5
91591 91591M - 13.d 620 1020 4520 7.0 132 201.7 119.1 15.63 6700 1.02 4.14 11.7 289 78.4 12710 3.38 227 8.3
91591 91591M - 14.d 259 5290 18890 6.3 1087 75.7 9.68 3.15 17920 3.82 59.5 29.5 230.90 361.5 20900 0.42 4.11 7.47
91591 91591M - 15.d 5870 19500 33000 6.6 443 198 1116 116.1 38200 5.1 15.8 36.4 662 151.6 59800 37.90 976 113.9
91591 91591M - 16.d 1130 23000 52400 10.7 2670 209.2 683 55 43800 10.57 110 64.2 171 93.2 14330 3.51 1067 158.7
91591 91591M - 17.d 143.3 439 4730 6.2 94 92 10.33 6.1 8860 0.5 16.89 7.93 27.30 78.4 27380 1.22 2.85 2.63
91591 91591M - 18.d 23900 39000 51200 3.8 990 337 1405 162.6 130300 23.1 16.9 113.7 11800 90 76000 6.20 1277 292
91591 91591M - 19.d 374 13750 48400 3.8 2550 130.4 13.05 3.58 39700 12 164.7 81 4960 8750 18480 0.71 5.72 9.37
91591 91591M - 20.d 354 2630 11980 2.1 204 150.7 22.08 12.56 12500 0.83 7.94 14.6 184.00 133 25530 11.20 47.5 12.08
91591 91591M - 21.d 4840 6730 10330 1.8 147 130.7 15.7 4.56 23270 2.82 7.96 18.8 105.40 45.8 33780 0.55 21.6 5.44
91591 91591M - 22.d 20800 57100 86000 2.5 756 291.6 843 93.8 67600 10.1 111.4 85.3 642.00 668 50400 15.63 754 95.4
91591 91591M - 23.d 2850 21400 37900 1.4 257 249.2 1225 284.8 26790 1.9 3.36 26.3 2470.00 188 42830 5.40 710 75.3
91591 91591M - 24.d 590 4360 16420 1.6 942 87.5 10.93 3.19 16930 3.83 53 32.2 912.00 1174 19280 0.52 4.76 8.35
91591 91591M - 25.d 292 3670 15500 2.1 284 281.6 1115 161.2 69100 6.97 10.44 46.5 570.00 32.1 60200 4.31 911 171.7
91591 91591M - 26.d 116.4 275 4500 1.0 129 182.5 23.3 3.65 11300 0.345 3.5 13.6 202.00 28.3 37400 0.31 49.7 17.3
91591 91591M - 27.d 428 1860 10650 0.4 315 72.3 11.94 3.2 22400 1.83 21.7 19.6 370.00 122.2 26930 0.63 9.4 28.4
91591 91591M - 28.d 109.8 349 3590 0.9 151 136.6 16.39 3.83 9080 0.294 5.22 10.18 114.20 18.1 26490 0.30 19.4 5.7
91591 91591M - 29.d 210 14100 16400 2.7 1580 83 15.17 3.21 20500 5.42 61 63.6 940.00 247 23500 1.96 19.4 26.7306 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 60 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
169026 169026Z - 35.d
169026 169026Z - 36.d
169026 169026Z - 37.d
169026 169026Z - 38.d
169026 169026Z - 39.d
169026 169026Z - 40.d
169026 169026Z - 41.d
169026 169026Z - 42.d
169026 169026Z - 43.d
169026 169026Z - 44.d
169026 169026Z - 45.d
169026 169026Z - 46.d
169026 169026Z - 47.d
169026 169026Z - 48.d
169026 169026Z - 49.d
169026 169026Z - 50.d
91591 91591M - 1.d
91591 91591M - 2.d
91591 91591M - 3.d
91591 91591M - 4.d
91591 91591M - 5.d
91591 91591M - 6.d
91591 91591M - 7.d
91591 91591M - 8.d
91591 91591M - 9.d
91591 91591M - 10.d
91591 91591M - 11.d
91591 91591M - 12.d
91591 91591M - 13.d
91591 91591M - 14.d
91591 91591M - 15.d
91591 91591M - 16.d
91591 91591M - 17.d
91591 91591M - 18.d
91591 91591M - 19.d
91591 91591M - 20.d
91591 91591M - 21.d
91591 91591M - 22.d
91591 91591M - 23.d
91591 91591M - 24.d
91591 91591M - 25.d
91591 91591M - 26.d
91591 91591M - 27.d
91591 91591M - 28.d
91591 91591M - 29.dHf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
20.3 13.62 278 6.8 15.6 10.6 12.6 0.04 22.63 6.0 4 3 volcaniclastic Warrowoona
25.8 38.64 1231 171.2 345 273 281 0.22 161.30 67.3 4 4 volcaniclastic Warrowoona
13.4 35.94 842 5.2 12.98 8.98 7.95 0.05 6.08 2.5 4 3 volcaniclastic Warrowoona
0.79 11.08 273 4.78 6.91 6.25 6.03 0.01 2.49 1.1 4 4 volcaniclastic Warrowoona
8.9 68.5 83 0.5 5.57 2.47 1.09 0.01 0.38 1.7 4 3 volcaniclastic Warrowoona
0.98 24.21 1510 5.5 9.1 9.7 9 0.00 1.99 0.6 4 3 volcaniclastic Warrowoona
1.62 112 5250 5.6 5.73 5.91 6.06 0.02 2.35 0.5 4 3 volcaniclastic Warrowoona
30.72 21 1081 10.3 16.39 15.36 16.12 0.01 8.87 2.6 4 3 volcaniclastic Warrowoona
1.02 60.6 610 5.42 10.72 8.83 9.57 0.02 8.26 2.3 4 3 volcaniclastic Warrowoona
3.9 30.92 1906 19.2 45.1 31.7 44.1 0.14 52.80 8.6 4 4 volcaniclastic Warrowoona
6.51 37.56 135.6 87.3 181.5 144.7 132.3 0.21 63.10 33.6 4 4 volcaniclastic Warrowoona
9.56 28.78 1840 5.14 9.22 7.86 8.12 0.02 4.69 1.7 4 3 volcaniclastic Warrowoona
14.07 115.6 1004 605 743 842 1043 1.65 389.00 50.4 4 4 volcaniclastic Warrowoona
0.877 17.89 43.1 8.7 6.13 8.04 7.02 0.00 0.79 0.2 4 3 volcaniclastic Warrowoona
0.665 17.98 1406 8.04 8.36 9.19 8.3 0.00 1.51 0.7 2 3 volcaniclastic Warrowoona
14.18 137.5 3570 24.8 30.4 31.3 28.3 0.01 3.76 3.4 1 3 volcaniclastic Warrowoona
14.44 2876 326 46.2 624 109.9 325 0.15 563 596.0 5 3 rhyolite Capricorn
13.1 2740 2292 167.4 319 227.7 325 0.03 2430 312.0 5 3 rhyolite Capricorn
1.95 5840 1549 83.5 354 130.1 366 0.16 533 75.0 5 3 rhyolite Capricorn
2.93 4170 66.7 20.4 79.9 30.3 69.7 0.01 141.40 48.2 5 3 rhyolite Capricorn
2.07 4650 1540 63.6 129 84.3 162.2 0.03 263.00 71.6 5 3 rhyolite Capricorn
1.07 886 1364 26.9 78 43.8 92 0.02 53.30 13.9 5 3 rhyolite Capricorn
2.96 4760 1956 113.3 291 164 338 0.12 281.60 73.2 5 3 rhyolite Capricorn
3.02 2950 1073 13.8 55.8 20.36 57 0.01 281.80 37.1 5 3 rhyolite Capricorn
5.95 4930 370 18.3 39.4 25.72 31.4 0.01 15.39 6.1 5 3 rhyolite Capricorn
3 4730 1990 10.7 56 17.3 57 0.01 80.20 21.0 5 3 rhyolite Capricorn
4.34 5175 1450 133.5 403 202.8 414 0.19 1178 257.0 5 3 rhyolite Capricorn
7.88 4270 1620 33.1 143 50.7 141 0.06 146 79.7 5 3 rhyolite Capricorn
6.27 1737 1570 167 380 245 500 0.16 40.20 25.2 5 3 rhyolite Capricorn
13.68 3116 7970 21.6 155.6 42.3 141.6 0.04 590 156.9 5 3 rhyolite Capricorn
4.5 5730 815 152.9 646 241.1 673 0.22 1066 508.0 5 3 rhyolite Capricorn
4.61 1561 15800 140.9 693 226 980 0.02 263 112.0 5 3 rhyolite Capricorn
4.13 4096 1860 20.5 51.1 29.5 47.7 0.02 163.80 47.5 5 3 rhyolite Capricorn
4.71 8620 1293 65.5 582 165.3 642 0.07 795.00 522.0 5 3 rhyolite Capricorn
373 3259 4950 31.9 215.7 69.8 333 0.17 7130 920.0 5 3 rhyolite Capricorn
9.68 2639 2660 6.08 23 12.87 23.74 0.02 37.10 17.8 5 3 rhyolite Capricorn
4.5 5162 373 4.3 15.23 7.07 15.84 0.00 68.90 14.9 5 3 rhyolite Capricorn
18 4490 1325 349 4150 867 3130 0.54 1820 1185.0 5 3 rhyolite Capricorn
10.48 2999 664 50.3 134.4 96 144.8 0.03 330 47.0 5 3 rhyolite Capricorn
40.4 2884 5020 12.3 108.3 30.1 94.9 0.06 1516 185.0 5 3 rhyolite Capricorn
2.23 5760 2650 53.9 224.6 118.9 237.6 0.05 360.50 69.4 5 3 rhyolite Capricorn
2.58 4820 475 11.7 148 25 93 0.01 109 180.0 5 3 rhyolite Capricorn
4.89 3930 148 21.6 170.9 45 142.6 0.08 806 206.0 5 3 rhyolite Capricorn
2.19 3912 305 3.84 15 7.05 14.96 0.01 23.40 4.0 5 3 rhyolite Capricorn
14.6 3541 4850 66.4 760 172 970 0.08 1390 210.3 5 3 rhyolite CapricornAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 307Appendix C Table 1 Page 61 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
91591 91591M - 30.d 8800 10500 47100 1.7 63 170.9 17.47 3.64 29000 4.06 6.6 42.2 147.00 153.7 28470 3.63 61.1 6.52
91591 91591M - 31.d 12650 54700 75600 3.3 533 352.3 1024 121.4 84000 10.61 19.45 94.3 163.80 58.3 54400 6.28 871 121.3
91591 91591M - 32.d 198.2 3550 15700 2.5 857 87.6 16.66 6.91 19170 2.79 65 18.3 51.10 121.2 22030 0.65 4.31 7.73
91591 91591M - 33.d 5910 15600 32600 5.7 1461 293.8 21.69 2.58 66800 10.21 144 430 4840 6550 19770 1.18 56.1 31.5
91591 91591M - 34.d 400 1680 9100 1.7 15.5 256.3 1369 600 32720 0.74 4.05 11.4 14.20 1133 60500 141.10 2379 2.6
91591 91591M - 35.d 296 10800 59000 0.9 131 172 210 38.9 5810 0.51 4.45 9.55 73.30 58.2 12450 1.84 240.3 5.51
91591 91591M - 36.d 20230 26260 37800 0.8 425 190.6 850 118.8 59800 19.03 34.31 80.4 393 78.7 46900 5.00 875 87
91591 91591M - 37.d 1500 20000 67300 2.2 840 273 1204 80.6 62800 3.92 19.8 40.7 399000 1380 55700 3.56 787 187
91591 91591M - 38.d 9400 12200 18600 1.5 208 210.4 884 232.5 42200 5.95 6.57 47.7 1550 144 49800 2.48 591 52.8
91591 91591M - 39.d 3200 37300 71000 1.1 210 210.8 328 49.3 9580 1.19 20.3 12 502 266 13020 41.60 538 18
91591 91591M - 40.d 137.9 249 37000 1.7 107 158.6 128.4 34.48 5340 2.03 6.4 10.61 314 44.1 10610 6.52 240.7 13.45
91591 91591M - 41.d 14700 17100 55600 3.6 108 150 17.35 0.9 38500 5.5 4.8 44.9 49.00 157.2 23000 2.81 49.5 7.76
91591 91591M - 42.d 14510 44100 99000 1.3 573 199.3 1519 311.6 61500 12.31 47.8 45.2 2300 267 53000 54.60 1236 141.3
91591 91591M - 43.d 247 6010 23200 1.0 736 95.3 25.4 9.82 23500 8.7 110 30.4 493.00 307 22550 2.01 5.8 8.66
91591 91591M - 44.d 6100 19000 27400 3.6 267 237.7 1129 87.7 87400 9.69 22.2 44 145.70 33.1 57400 5.48 861 112.6
91591 91591M - 45.d 890 13700 22650 5.2 926 257.9 1027 98.3 73200 7.46 14 41.7 6800 277 59000 6.00 899 1990
91591 91591M - 46.d 4710 39500 67000 3.3 589 244.3 719 89.3 36400 3.1 14.6 31 950 423 30790 63.10 699 116.9
91591 91591M - 47.d 420 11800 14300 3.9 241 162 123 12.7 122000 9 18 67 1035 195 50000 1.14 111.1 428
91591 91591M - 48.d 480 720 3430 1.6 16 69.3 736 696 9040 0.64 4.91 10.7 2.29 826 5940 80.90 1869 2.77
91591 91591M - 49.d 170 600 26720 0.7 36 92 19 6.1 9240 0.293 6.91 8.03 255 88.7 32100 2.49 50.3 8.43
91591 91591M - 50.d 155.1 107.9 35400 0.3 12.5 66 8.61 3.63 7480 0.205 10.73 7.9 13.30 90.9 28590 2.76 28.17 4.85
142815 142815M - 1.d 26590 25730 91100 0.8 32000 99 347.2 37.1 67100 16.45 991 3000 670 55000 2811 5.24 32.7 1.42
142815 142815M - 3.d 1870 14000 141000 6.1 66700 91 214.7 39.4 17800 1.1 276 127.3 850 43900 2250 3.30 56.8 2.03
142815 142815M - 4.d 950 14500 179000 6.8 153000 70 498 52.7 48600 0.84 101 286 940 1800 2650 16.90 297 1.45
142815 142815M - 5.d 28800 38100 122000 4.1 21700 24.6 321.6 51.5 56600 9.15 98.9 965 102 77 2670 1.57 50.3 3.81
142815 142815M - 6.d 60300 61200 166000 4.0 38500 168 257 33 151000 34.3 773 4950 1330 53200 2700 8.92 24.5 3.05
142815 142815M - 7.d 19300 22200 81600 1.3 64300 38.1 242.3 70.6 41600 15.1 323 2450 194 2560 2482 3.72 44.8 0.55
112106 112106Z - 1.d 164.5 483 4470 2.2 391 38.5 288 27.9 21000 0.347 22.4 20.9 6.45 1328 3970 4.46 70.7 0.06
112106 112106Z - 2.d 667 5080 28900 2.3 19600 255.1 2970 207 24200 0.91 87.5 49.7 2030 30400 7610 67.10 2520 0.095
112106 112106Z - 3.d 629 4410 20600 4.4 4470 218.6 2170 122.1 22370 0.68 49.6 49.5 135.20 32270 7850 55.50 3750 0.329
112106 112106Z - 4.d 674 4900 23700 4.6 8600 83.3 1132 77.6 14550 0.91 57.5 38.1 116.00 26240 18960 72.20 5050 0.25
155502 155502M - 1.d 1176 6830 32200 9.7 2230 50.71 258.6 38.9 184300 4.44 186.7 382 93.00 1610 2424 10.31 54.2 1.3
155502 155502M - 2.d 760 4820 27250 1.2 10400 47.8 244 43.6 138000 1 81.5 396 87.20 2260 2327 2.70 65.9 0.5
155502 155502M - 3.d 20000 39000 93000 27.4 2140 80.4 320 110 138000 21.3 951 250 120.00 7500 2283 0.72 69.7 0.47
155502 155502M - 4.d 3080 11000 41100 4.8 13100 51.5 262.4 56.1 94000 3.03 596 200 28.20 990 2770 1.00 46.5 0.42
155502 155502M - 5.d 960 2940 13400 5.6 448 51.9 201.2 39.9 108000 2.32 82.8 209 2.48 126 2190 1.17 49.2 0.06
155502 155502M - 6.d 1180 4260 25150 2.1 2350 58.6 228.3 35.1 130800 1.28 66.6 298 36.70 2010 2515 1.54 66.4 0.353
155502 155502M - 7.d 2160 19000 57000 1.1 12600 46.2 329 63.4 350000 2.29 107.4 448 56.80 2810 2332 4.19 51.2 1.08
178083 178083M - 1.d 474 23800 64000 2.5 190 9.61 901 542 2270 2.89 7.1 8.6 70.00 391 2310 32.41 79.8 106.8
178083 178083M - 2.d 456 18400 440000 4.8 8400 115 755 498.4 1880 2.49 23.1 11.7 2380 21100 2648 33.40 67.5 102.1
178083 178083M - 3.d 288 6320 18600 0.7 169 6.31 1033 287.1 1101 1.16 9.12 8.11 5.10 283 2385 47.50 106 85.1
178083 178083M - 4.d 307 11600 41400 3.8 67 8.39 780 742 1390 1.21 13.6 9.42 17.70 245 2026 25.48 67.8 93.3
142661 142661M - 1.d 1004 8320 84000 4.3 161800 53.7 817 80.7 6870 0.82 67 36.4 13.09 38.8 304.4 1.77 99.2 0.234
142661 142661M - 2.d 4100 15800 117000 1.7 181500 45.9 751 78.9 17300 2.8 118 89 12.80 47 320 1.76 84.9 0.281
142661 142661M - 3.d 1180 9900 82000 1.7 176800 107 722 111 37100 1.29 71 351 14.80 37.2 238 2.77 166 0.83308 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 62 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
91591 91591M - 30.d
91591 91591M - 31.d
91591 91591M - 32.d
91591 91591M - 33.d
91591 91591M - 34.d
91591 91591M - 35.d
91591 91591M - 36.d
91591 91591M - 37.d
91591 91591M - 38.d
91591 91591M - 39.d
91591 91591M - 40.d
91591 91591M - 41.d
91591 91591M - 42.d
91591 91591M - 43.d
91591 91591M - 44.d
91591 91591M - 45.d
91591 91591M - 46.d
91591 91591M - 47.d
91591 91591M - 48.d
91591 91591M - 49.d
91591 91591M - 50.d
142815 142815M - 1.d
142815 142815M - 3.d
142815 142815M - 4.d
142815 142815M - 5.d
142815 142815M - 6.d
142815 142815M - 7.d
112106 112106Z - 1.d
112106 112106Z - 2.d
112106 112106Z - 3.d
112106 112106Z - 4.d
155502 155502M - 1.d
155502 155502M - 2.d
155502 155502M - 3.d
155502 155502M - 4.d
155502 155502M - 5.d
155502 155502M - 6.d
155502 155502M - 7.d
178083 178083M - 1.d
178083 178083M - 2.d
178083 178083M - 3.d
178083 178083M - 4.d
142661 142661M - 1.d
142661 142661M - 2.d
142661 142661M - 3.dHf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
13.39 4066 1272 13.8 42.1 25.1 29.4 0.02 17.50 22.9 5 3 rhyolite Capricorn
3 5420 6500 58.7 191 114.8 220 0.03 311 71.5 5 3 rhyolite Capricorn
7.34 3382 1720 13 80 27.7 78.2 0.01 150.80 169.0 5 3 rhyolite Capricorn
264 3187 4120 18.6 105 34.9 100.9 0.17 2410 653.0 5 3 rhyolite Capricorn
84.3 9870 8150 0.96 259.3 36.4 12.7 0.05 25 325.8 7 4 rhyolite Capricorn
5.85 1516 905 4.9 36 10.9 43.3 0.01 42.90 13.9 5 3 rhyolite Capricorn
3.81 4418 653 67 224.5 132.3 252 0.09 529 95.8 5 3 rhyolite Capricorn
81 5770 858 199 4500 660 4200 0.16 5760 254.0 5 3 rhyolite Capricorn
4.59 3231 562 66.3 156 81.7 153 0.09 304 84.3 5 3 rhyolite Capricorn
24.9 2188 2550 102.5 196.5 118.9 164.8 0.04 252 83.6 5 3 rhyolite Capricorn
4.6 1891 1130 27.9 45.4 31.4 47.1 0.02 36.90 6.2 5 3 rhyolite Capricorn
11.19 3354 1145 50.5 174 61.1 194 0.02 79.70 96.3 5 3 rhyolite Capricorn
10.51 4127 1811 268 555 316 547 0.21 786 183.0 5 3 rhyolite Capricorn
11.25 3278 1503 21.6 86.2 29.5 86 0.06 910 280.0 5 3 rhyolite Capricorn
2.22 5440 1035 95.6 213 122.4 234 0.02 371 61.4 5 3 rhyolite Capricorn
12.3 5790 3452 294 699 333 840 0.31 1650 102.5 5 3 rhyolite Capricorn
20.3 3285 4390 128.5 371 155.9 392 0.09 2470 193.3 5 3 rhyolite Capricorn
10.2 5060 644 79 661 139 532 0.05 1490 1090.0 5 3 rhyolite Capricorn
34.9 746 9650 1.1 271 34.2 1.41 0.03 1.73 241.3 7 4 rhyolite Capricorn
7.75 4960 601 19.9 76 25.1 47.9 0.02 94.00 59.0 5 3 rhyolite Capricorn
8.45 4921 507 29.6 50.7 31.58 38.9 0.01 19.56 8.0 5 3 rhyolite Capricorn
1370 158.9 1490 458 954 562 886 0.67 2730 559.0 6 4 monzogranite Eastern Goldfields
1310 120 260 218 468 266 380 0.12 920 395.0 6 4 monzogranite Eastern Goldfields
59.8 80 187 184 445 246 365 0.13 114 157.0 6 4 monzogranite Eastern Goldfields
2.73 159.2 372 27.2 74.6 36.1 52 0.03 3.98 12.5 1 3 monzogranite Eastern Goldfields
1630 150.2 1060 176 454 226 329 0.30 278 3920.0 6 4 monzogranite Eastern Goldfields
76 123.1 433 146.8 381 191.5 294 0.14 113 463.0 6 4 monzogranite Eastern Goldfields
36.6 409 2084 85.3 515 150.3 535 0.11 472 665.0 6 4 monzogranite Paterson
824 3000 2220 1053 4910 1780 5050 1.45 245 2880.0 6 4 monzogranite Paterson
827 2554 1920 1081 9250 2107 9580 1.55 1734 6450.0 6 4 monzogranite Paterson
433 602 2890 424 2380 695 3190 0.53 579 1817.0 6 4 monzogranite Paterson
44.5 165.9 1450 1105 3260 1980 2820 0.30 760 373.0 6 4 monzogranite Murchison
61 165 349 620 1600 1010 1320 0.14 81.00 1000.0 6 4 monzogranite Murchison
197 144.4 1650 277 696 445 482 0.14 167.00 1070.0 6 4 monzogranite Murchison
31.8 171.6 359 325 808 525 566 0.11 62.60 256.0 6 4 monzogranite Murchison
4.85 127.7 222 355 970 565 615 0.06 111.50 125.0 6 4 monzogranite Murchison
46.5 163.4 134.7 439 1173 721 792 0.10 78.30 1008.0 6 4 monzogranite Murchison
75.2 158.6 396 1579 4940 3037 3533 0.21 219.30 1529.0 6 4 monzogranite Murchison
16.9 61.6 143.1 4.3 98.6 32.6 19.5 0.03 450 49.3 4 4 metarhyolite Pilbara
580 84.3 197 5.7 205 62.5 122 0.05 1310 163.0 4 4 metarhyolite Pilbara
13.26 61.5 205.5 3.38 153.3 50 12.5 0.06 19.20 58.8 4 4 metarhyolite Pilbara
13.9 51.3 195.1 5.1 91.3 31.6 49 0.05 194 34.5 4 4 metarhyolite Pilbara
4.92 7.44 103.8 21.6 32.3 29.1 32.8 0.01 41.40 6.2 6 3 tonalite Munnimunni
4.86 10 195 31.4 47.5 44.6 48.6 0.02 17.30 10.8 6 3 tonalite Munnimunni
9.8 22.7 33 34.9 50.4 46.1 53.3 0.02 7.04 9.5 6 3 tonalite MunnimunniAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 309Appendix C Table 1 Page 63 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
142661 142661M - 4.d 1490 3540 31100 11.8 178600 28.02 738 36 21100 1.56 153.1 106 6.81 48.8 910 1.56 94.6 0.243
142661 142661M - 5.d 2520 58600 195000 15.2 158000 61.2 903 94.2 24500 10.1 432 242 120.00 138.9 1817 0.71 110.8 1.29
TFJ6-302 TJF6-302-B - 1.d 353.3 192.7 800 1.9 230 8.36 1331 946 675 1.06 2.75 6.5 0.06 451.3 613.7 16.66 40 0.125
TFJ6-302 TJF6-302-B - 2.d 374 89.1 850 3.5 190 4.65 889.1 413.2 1112 0.86 2.54 6.5 0.16 479.8 671.7 21.70 33.9 0.174
TFJ6-302 TJF6-302-B - 3.d 375 103.3 2020 1.2 275 6.84 3638 2204 446 0.65 2.36 5.8 0.09 772.2 588.6 16.80 29.9 0.244
TFJ6-302 TJF6-302-B - 4.d 386.3 86 2200 1.7 240 11.94 1642 1421 705 0.5 3 7.7 0.13 403.9 412.6 15.71 35.4 0.218
TFJ6-302 TJF6-302-B - 5.d 374.8 195.9 2740 4.1 155 3.63 1598 505 689 0.475 2.94 6.4 0.12 794.4 732.8 23.93 32.7 0.09
TFJ6-302 TJF6-302-B - 6.d 386.3 231 2780 3.1 155 5.22 1149 789 789 0.55 2.71 5.96 0.13 363.3 518.2 16.70 32.9 0.065
TFJ6-302 TJF6-302-B - 7.d 419 106.8 2380 2.6 130 5.26 1235 1075 963 0.7 7.5 8.2 0.21 719.8 955 26.50 28.4 0.177
TFJ6-302 TJF6-302-B - 8.d 394.4 185.9 2330 3.0 190 4.54 1428 953 717 0.6 2.41 7.1 0.09 642.2 558.8 21.60 34.6 0.105
TFJ6-302 TJF6-302-B - 9.d 398.1 94.9 2920 2.9 150 4.71 1351 1203 976 0.325 2.49 8.3 0.07 709.3 681.3 16.43 20.54 0.167
TFJ6-302 TJF6-302-B - 10.d 400 148.1 2730 1.3 170 5.66 1522 1429 837 0.49 2.74 7.3 0.10 397.9 589.7 15.90 29.63 0.212
TFJ6-302 TJF6-302-B - 11.d 411 165.9 1100 5.2 205 4.94 1432 814 808 0.7 3.09 7.5 0.12 652 618.2 24.10 31.5 0.095
TFJ6-302 TJF6-302-B - 12.d 408 97.8 1630 3.7 145 11.04 1876 1468 753 0.6 3.18 6.1 0.10 492.8 768.4 27.90 45.8 0.172
TFJ6-302 TJF6-302-B - 13.d 402 88.5 2790 2.0 220 3.19 1077 676.6 1391 0.55 2.49 7.8 0.12 500 677.6 21.22 41.2 0.235
TFJ6-302 TJF6-302-B - 14.d 388 281.8 2770 1.7 180 6.17 1646 615.4 805 0.78 2.54 8.2 0.15 588.8 786.2 13.46 23.2 0.192
TFJ6-302 TJF6-302-B - 15.d 424 1650 2240 1.8 210 3.92 1146 677 1830 0.7 2.61 26.8 0.08 705.2 882 20.60 36.8 0.135
TFJ6-302 TJF6-302-B - 16.d 406 144.4 1390 3.4 225 7.29 1278 304.6 1058 0.315 2.91 6.85 0.11 595.4 328.9 14.51 26.74 0.06
TFJ6-302 TJF6-302-B - 17.d 389 171.1 2560 1.6 165 5.29 1364 595.9 768 0.41 3.05 6.91 0.12 592.2 585.3 18.70 41.3 0.09
TFJ6-302 TJF6-302-B - 18.d 409 53.3 850 3.0 135 5.03 1137 842.4 957 1.18 3.09 6.4 0.11 582.4 722.4 23.30 35.8 0.075
TFJ6-302 TJF6-302-B - 19.d 396.2 131.2 800 4.9 215 11.27 1914 730.5 779 1.23 2.95 6.2 0.15 392.8 460.3 16.90 35.5 0.11
TFJ6-302 TJF6-302-B - 20.d 411.2 501 900 3.9 195 3.99 941.2 593.1 1407 1.17 1.82 7.1 0.09 494.4 860.3 21.47 36.7 0.162
TFJ6-302 TJF6-302-B - 21.d 432 75.8 850 4.1 160 4.87 1343 644.8 1003 0.55 3.15 7.2 0.14 717.9 793.9 24.10 24.89 0.148
TFJ6-302 TJF6-302-B - 22.d 392 126.2 1800 1.7 215 5.66 1556 345 812 0.5 2.98 6.8 0.15 528 489.2 12.36 22.83 0.07
TFJ6-335 TJF6-335-A - 1.d 445 237 3620 1.3 1310 1.98 1338 460.3 757 0.455 2.62 8 0.14 653.4 1121.3 43.20 120.7 0.58
TFJ6-335 TJF6-335-A - 2.d 360.3 246 4760 1.7 2700 1.56 1364 525 732 0.89 3.4 9.4 2.22 714.6 1178.6 75.80 134.8 0.37
TFJ6-335 TJF6-335-A - 3.d 3140 1060 7500 2.3 1740 3.02 1636 679.6 1300 5.9 2.75 8 0.42 635.1 816.1 27.40 193.8 0.68
TFJ6-335 TJF6-335-A - 4.d 24720 14640 61300 1.7 21700 10.3 1611 616 13860 42.4 2.8 24.8 3.88 738.2 1683 99.90 144.9 0.44
TFJ6-335 TJF6-335-A - 5.d 453 156 3370 3.9 750 1.47 873.2 553.5 2082 0.85 3.73 8 0.95 500.8 844.4 24.00 114.7 0.42
TFJ6-335 TJF6-335-A - 6.d 406 83.3 2330 3.8 170 1.62 1220 559.6 873 1 2.82 8.6 0.15 635 1047.1 39.30 133.1 0.46
TFJ6-335 TJF6-335-A - 7.d 419 71.9 850 4.2 190 2.72 2429 637 596 0.5 3.91 14.5 0.73 791.1 1213 91.30 181.4 0.38
TFJ6-335 TJF6-335-A - 8.d 451 43.7 1250 1.9 220 2.31 1563 455.9 821 0.73 2.45 6.5 0.15 706.7 990 39.60 177.1 0.374
TFJ6-335 TJF6-335-A - 9.d 5740 12800 21700 1.4 4520 11.7 1310 399.2 9200 0.5 2.17 11.4 5.18 243.3 712.3 14.98 62.2 0.39
TFJ6-335 TJF6-335-A - 10.d 401 118 2520 1.5 190 2.02 1822 492.3 855 0.145 3.46 9.5 0.14 849.3 1824 117.00 195 0.409
TFJ6-335 TJF6-335-A - 11.d 434 93.1 750 1.7 190 2.49 1694 599.7 938 0.55 2.1 9.1 0.12 805.4 1355 80.80 162.1 0.347
TFJ6-335 TJF6-335-A - 12.d 518 177 1000 1.3 215 3.36 1470 1015 1530 1.94 3.16 8.4 0.55 492.8 691 15.14 69.3 0.368
TFJ6-335 TJF6-335-A - 13.d 636 268 2990 1.4 230 1.88 1137 525.1 736 1.1 2.53 7.8 0.13 550.8 938.5 30.20 135.7 0.47
TFJ6-335 TJF6-335-A - 14.d 430 128.5 800 1.6 160 3.16 1452 646.4 483 0.75 2.78 6.7 0.16 586.6 810.3 16.56 64.5 0.415
TFJ6-335 TJF6-335-A - 15.d 1410 840 3200 1.6 740 2.21 1369 660.3 6280 3.16 6.2 35.9 0.16 787.7 2090 128.70 128.2 0.42
TFJ6-335 TJF6-335-A - 16.d 417 179.9 800 3.4 160 3.65 1532 526.8 552 0.5 2.22 6.2 0.13 466 655 13.91 67 0.48
TFJ6-335 TJF6-335-A - 17.d 453 326 750 3.9 200 4.58 1182 861 620 1.43 2.73 20.1 0.10 500 766.4 14.90 64.3 0.47
TFJ6-335 TJF6-335-A - 18.d 475 112.5 1980 1.4 195 1.54 1515 1057 496 0.6 3.41 6.8 0.08 501 1071.9 28.30 138.1 0.47
TFJ6-335 TJF6-335-A - 19.d 479 140.3 4260 1.4 185 0.75 1319 371.2 2354 1.66 3.17 9.6 0.05 593.1 953.1 55.80 185 0.45
TFJ6-335 TJF6-335-A - 20.d 3970 9260 16800 1.4 2970 7.29 1317 543 6570 0.9 1.94 9.6 4.15 373.7 730.2 15.79 62.2 0.333
TFJ6-335 TJF6-335-A - 21.d 417 271 3510 1.4 215 1.44 1356 680 765 0.48 2.73 8.1 0.06 833.6 1798 122.30 124.7 0.244310 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 64 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
142661 142661M - 4.d
142661 142661M - 5.d
TFJ6-302 TJF6-302-B - 1.d
TFJ6-302 TJF6-302-B - 2.d
TFJ6-302 TJF6-302-B - 3.d
TFJ6-302 TJF6-302-B - 4.d
TFJ6-302 TJF6-302-B - 5.d
TFJ6-302 TJF6-302-B - 6.d
TFJ6-302 TJF6-302-B - 7.d
TFJ6-302 TJF6-302-B - 8.d
TFJ6-302 TJF6-302-B - 9.d
TFJ6-302 TJF6-302-B - 10.d
TFJ6-302 TJF6-302-B - 11.d
TFJ6-302 TJF6-302-B - 12.d
TFJ6-302 TJF6-302-B - 13.d
TFJ6-302 TJF6-302-B - 14.d
TFJ6-302 TJF6-302-B - 15.d
TFJ6-302 TJF6-302-B - 16.d
TFJ6-302 TJF6-302-B - 17.d
TFJ6-302 TJF6-302-B - 18.d
TFJ6-302 TJF6-302-B - 19.d
TFJ6-302 TJF6-302-B - 20.d
TFJ6-302 TJF6-302-B - 21.d
TFJ6-302 TJF6-302-B - 22.d
TFJ6-335 TJF6-335-A - 1.d
TFJ6-335 TJF6-335-A - 2.d
TFJ6-335 TJF6-335-A - 3.d
TFJ6-335 TJF6-335-A - 4.d
TFJ6-335 TJF6-335-A - 5.d
TFJ6-335 TJF6-335-A - 6.d
TFJ6-335 TJF6-335-A - 7.d
TFJ6-335 TJF6-335-A - 8.d
TFJ6-335 TJF6-335-A - 9.d
TFJ6-335 TJF6-335-A - 10.d
TFJ6-335 TJF6-335-A - 11.d
TFJ6-335 TJF6-335-A - 12.d
TFJ6-335 TJF6-335-A - 13.d
TFJ6-335 TJF6-335-A - 14.d
TFJ6-335 TJF6-335-A - 15.d
TFJ6-335 TJF6-335-A - 16.d
TFJ6-335 TJF6-335-A - 17.d
TFJ6-335 TJF6-335-A - 18.d
TFJ6-335 TJF6-335-A - 19.d
TFJ6-335 TJF6-335-A - 20.d
TFJ6-335 TJF6-335-A - 21.dHf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
4.04 10.21 150.2 47.9 70 69 81 0.03 2.43 9.9 6 3 tonalite Munnimunni
10.26 38.8 225 71 135 102 148.7 0.06 87.10 25.2 1 3 tonalite Munnimunni
15.64 13.58 5.89 2.45 1.24 0.075 0.0435 0.00 0.01 3.0 8 1 retro-eclogite Forquilha eclogite zone
15.98 21.07 6.66 2.65 2.09 0.095 0.05 0.01 0.01 5.0 8 1 retro-eclogite Forquilha eclogite zone
25.89 17.51 9.43 1.35 1.18 0.065 0.033 0.00 0.01 3.1 8 1 retro-eclogite Forquilha eclogite zone
12.31 16.04 5.99 1.55 1.67 0.13 0.0415 0.00 0.01 3.5 8 1 retro-eclogite Forquilha eclogite zone
31.99 21.46 8.53 1.7 1.4 0.075 0.0245 0.00 0.00 2.9 8 1 retro-eclogite Forquilha eclogite zone
12.76 10.69 4.74 2.55 2.49 0.127 0.033 0.00 0.01 5.7 8 1 retro-eclogite Forquilha eclogite zone
25.74 33.12 10.75 1.95 2.36 0.189 0.088 0.00 0.02 4.8 8 1 retro-eclogite Forquilha eclogite zone
22.52 7.69 7.06 1.6 2.25 0.146 0.0295 0.00 0.01 5.0 8 1 retro-eclogite Forquilha eclogite zone
24.8 10.97 14.68 2 0.265 0.07 0.029 0.00 0.01 0.6 8 1 retro-eclogite Forquilha eclogite zone
13.71 22.2 8.69 1.85 0.768 0.0465 0.034 0.00 0.01 1.7 8 1 retro-eclogite Forquilha eclogite zone
21.96 7.85 7.21 1.8 1.73 0.12 0.0365 0.01 0.01 4.0 8 1 retro-eclogite Forquilha eclogite zone
16.64 16.36 6.49 1.6 1.58 0.158 0.0345 0.00 0.08 3.6 8 1 retro-eclogite Forquilha eclogite zone
18.02 16.49 6.3 1.9 3.07 0.202 0.0425 0.01 0.01 7.1 8 1 retro-eclogite Forquilha eclogite zone
18.68 22.84 12.38 2 0.13 0.055 0.034 0.01 0.02 0.2 8 1 retro-eclogite Forquilha eclogite zone
26.56 24.33 10.67 2.05 0.546 0.065 0.0435 0.00 0.01 1.2 8 1 retro-eclogite Forquilha eclogite zone
18.43 2.432 6.7 2.1 0.349 0.055 0.0325 0.00 0.01 0.8 8 1 retro-eclogite Forquilha eclogite zone
20.45 23.17 6.86 1.9 1.11 0.055 0.0345 0.00 0.01 2.6 8 1 retro-eclogite Forquilha eclogite zone
18.2 24.36 8.37 1.85 1.63 0.097 0.0305 0.00 0.01 4.0 8 1 retro-eclogite Forquilha eclogite zone
14.64 12.88 4.77 1.8 2.09 0.07 0.042 0.00 0.00 4.6 8 1 retro-eclogite Forquilha eclogite zone
17.26 28.04 8.13 1.9 2.44 0.176 0.0415 0.00 0.01 5.4 8 1 retro-eclogite Forquilha eclogite zone
25.59 23.15 8.8 2.05 0.906 0.046 0.041 0.00 0.01 2.4 8 1 retro-eclogite Forquilha eclogite zone
16.51 13.07 6.97 1.8 0.154 0.075 0.038 0.00 0.01 0.4 8 1 retro-eclogite Forquilha eclogite zone
20.35 26.75 32.58 2.8 20.26 1.71 0.107 0.01 0.02 49.2 7 5 gnt-px amphibolite Brazil
24.44 23.11 39.9 1.75 29 2.61 0.28 0.00 0.14 70.4 7 5 gnt-px amphibolite Brazil
19.73 23.51 12.11 3 22.62 1.71 0.0455 0.00 0.06 54.1 7 5 gnt-px amphibolite Brazil
24.59 35.57 170.2 2.35 37.49 2.71 0.182 0.00 0.36 83.5 6 1 gnt-px amphibolite Brazil
14.94 22.3 12.62 2.2 15.45 1.38 0.231 0.00 0.05 38.0 7 5 gnt-px amphibolite Brazil
19.64 26.88 43.24 2.05 25.07 1.98 0.059 0.00 0.01 57.3 7 5 gnt-px amphibolite Brazil
26.69 27.26 86.6 1.55 45.3 4.69 1.15 0.00 0.03 102.1 7 5 gnt-px amphibolite Brazil
22.62 23.56 20.29 1.8 27.31 2.08 0.0345 0.00 0.03 66.2 7 5 gnt-px amphibolite Brazil
9.16 18.62 9.45 2.15 17.81 1.39 0.027 0.01 0.15 44.0 6 1 gnt-px amphibolite Brazil
29.84 31.98 111.9 2.6 26.76 2.35 0.35 0.00 0.01 59.2 7 5 gnt-px amphibolite Brazil
27.28 26.99 55.62 2.05 25.52 1.93 0.095 0.00 0.01 54.7 7 5 gnt-px amphibolite Brazil
20.42 19.77 10.77 2.45 10.87 0.807 0.14 0.00 0.55 24.6 7 5 gnt-px amphibolite Brazil
17.37 21.6 23.7 1.6 29.91 2.18 0.0445 0.01 0.01 68.5 7 5 gnt-px amphibolite Brazil
20.23 27.14 11.45 2.05 7.7 0.66 0.0335 0.00 0.01 19.0 7 5 gnt-px amphibolite Brazil
30.73 43.43 126.2 2.1 37.8 6.9 4.8 0.00 0.01 76.9 6 1 gnt-px amphibolite Brazil
16.15 19.23 7.66 2.3 10.66 0.744 0.0485 0.00 0.00 24.0 7 5 gnt-px amphibolite Brazil
17.38 20.12 8.94 2.1 9.01 0.96 0.31 0.00 0.05 20.5 7 5 gnt-px amphibolite Brazil
17.52 21.93 10.75 1.9 13.71 1.05 0.0345 0.00 0.00 30.9 7 5 gnt-px amphibolite Brazil
17.58 12.85 48.6 1.35 31.61 2.33 0.033 0.01 0.01 71.8 7 5 gnt-px amphibolite Brazil
13.61 18.98 7.56 2.65 4.57 0.45 0.0445 0.00 0.20 10.7 6 1 gnt-px amphibolite Brazil
23.6 32.06 304.1 1.6 29.33 2.19 0.098 0.00 0.05 67.6 7 5 gnt-px amphibolite BrazilAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 311Appendix C Table 1 Page 65 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
TFJ6-335 TJF6-335-A - 22.d 594 173 1000 3.4 200 3.95 1397 1030 463 1.37 2.51 7.4 0.11 430.5 614.8 17.06 70.4 0.326
TFJ6-335 TJF6-335-A - 23.d 414 134.9 2340 1.9 210 1.36 1867 1086 614 0.55 2.53 6.9 0.11 297.9 724.7 14.38 76.8 0.46
TFJ6-335 TJF6-335-A - 24.d 424 215.9 2530 1.8 195 2.26 535.2 409.4 595 0.87 2.49 7.8 0.12 336.1 800.5 14.87 40.1 0.43
TFJ6-335 TJF6-335-A - 25.d 675 2470 2470 1.8 470 4.21 1914 615.9 1029 1.06 2.04 20.7 0.93 527.2 736.1 13.73 88.5 0.417
TFJ6-335 TJF6-335-A - 26.d 397.6 168.1 4210 1.9 210 1.71 1048 551.6 890 0.49 2.9 8 0.16 641.8 970.8 52.60 151.9 0.47
TFJ6-335 TJF6-335-A - 27.d 411.4 50.3 1910 1.5 165 1.96 1483 582.6 720 0.385 2.41 6.13 0.06 99.9 518.4 10.13 66.4 0.13
TFJ6-335 TJF6-335-A - 28.d 411.4 162.9 1000 1.7 220 3.2 1277 1114 417 0.6 2.65 6.6 0.11 677.2 616.4 14.63 64.4 0.38
TFJ6-335 TJF6-335-A - 29.d 347.4 77.8 800 1.4 210 1.92 1511 577.4 810 1.21 2.53 6.3 0.12 133.2 670.9 11.78 74.5 0.293
TFJ6-335 TJF6-335-A - 30.d 336.2 115.7 800 1.4 155 1.85 1031.4 523.9 796 0.385 2.93 7.4 0.10 634.2 785.1 15.48 101.7 0.51
WT8-53E WT8-53E-C - 1.d 394.1 49.5 2710 1.1 245 3.81 1149 499.6 962 0.475 1.9 5.7 0.09 726.6 1341 26.60 19.16 0.16
WT8-53E WT8-53E-C - 2.d 379.2 81.9 2510 2.3 125 4.63 2059 1331 311 1.15 3.32 7.8 0.13 597.6 621.7 24.01 26 0.1
WT8-53E WT8-53E-C - 3.d 401.9 103.4 2670 1.5 170 5.23 1258 314.5 690 1.13 2.55 6.3 0.12 723.3 859 40.60 45.3 0.295
WT8-53E WT8-53E-C - 4.d 403 125.1 1830 3.3 175 4.42 943 296.7 754 0.97 1.97 7.9 0.10 656.2 645.9 13.77 19.48 0.09
WT8-53E WT8-53E-C - 5.d 374 1520 700 1.6 180 4.93 1030 473.5 711 1.26 2.62 7.3 0.14 707.9 661.4 15.00 27.9 0.259
WT8-53E WT8-53E-C - 6.d 357.2 64.9 750 1.2 190 5.74 1551 590.8 639 0.55 2.89 5.47 0.10 641.7 439.4 12.28 33.6 0.167
WT8-53E WT8-53E-C - 7.d 355 76.5 1790 1.4 230 4.96 1092.4 396 817 0.6 3.08 23.5 0.13 693.3 602.2 16.40 23.6 0.243
WT8-53E WT8-53E-C - 8.d 1380 2220 4000 3.5 810 9.1 3415 126 840 2.7 6.7 43 0.28 595.3 392.5 10.33 25.76 0.59
WT8-53E WT8-53E-C - 9.d 392.1 91.6 1570 5.1 195 3.62 1121 530.9 581 0.425 2.68 8.1 0.10 425.8 467.7 10.71 20.67 0.14
WT8-53E WT8-53E-C - 10.d 398 54.5 2170 3.3 220 5.02 1322 781 713 0.48 2.99 5.84 0.13 657.5 562.4 26.70 30.2 0.28
WT8-53E WT8-53E-C - 11.d 394.6 173.8 3310 2.6 175 4.19 985.4 340.3 814 0.8 2.54 6.1 0.14 726.2 609.4 19.10 30.31 0.264
WT8-53E WT8-53E-C - 12.d 409 70 2690 3.1 130 5.3 1616 708 451 2.3 8.1 7.5 0.11 601.3 532.4 16.57 28.42 0.27
WT8-53E WT8-53E-C - 13.d 1740 3370 5900 1.4 1820 6.18 1733 785 1370 6.6 4.2 11.5 0.19 668.6 640.1 8.63 14.87 0.105
WT8-53E WT8-53E-C - 14.d 406 162.5 900 1.6 150 3.7 1030.8 369.7 647 0.47 2.32 6.8 0.12 518.8 530.5 10.05 21.64 0.216
WT8-53E WT8-53E-C - 15.d 424 326 1150 3.4 220 3.86 1204 257.3 650 0.345 2.88 5.9 0.23 706.5 1123.6 11.97 20.3 0.09
WT8-53E WT8-53E-C - 16.d 400 89.7 1100 1.5 200 7.28 2045 595.8 349 0.6 3.04 6.6 0.12 578.5 332.8 21.10 38.7 0.095
WT8-53E WT8-53E-C - 17.d 397.3 149 1860 2.0 2800 5.58 1959 1035 465 0.55 7.3 6.1 0.26 790.7 1118 7.06 36.3 0.313
WT8-53E WT8-53E-C - 18.d 400 199.8 1920 1.5 180 5.05 1222 326.4 838 1 2.14 6.5 0.12 649.7 584.2 16.00 24.3 0.208
WT8-53E WT8-53E-C - 19.d 396.6 68 2320 1.6 160 4.76 1832 386.9 569 0.495 3.16 7.22 0.07 701.5 722.4 16.11 53.3 0.349
WT8-53E WT8-53E-C - 20.d 390.9 76.3 2490 1.1 150 6.38 2922 149.5 418 0.65 2.34 6.6 0.11 595.8 515.7 18.60 26.84 0.53
WT8-53E WT8-53E-C - 21.d 437 141.2 1850 3.1 190 5.93 1247.2 838 575 0.8 9 10.3 0.11 618 628.7 9.64 22 0.24
WT8-53E WT8-53E-C - 22.d 400.9 191 3270 2.6 160 4.7 1039 377.5 626 1.09 2.48 6 0.15 792.1 838.6 12.12 20.49 0.267
WT8-53E WT8-53E-C - 23.d 405.7 67.3 1000 1.3 160 5.94 3580 63.3 282 1.13 2.9 6.3 0.08 725.8 390.2 11.09 19.88 0.44
114350 114350 - 1.d 576 5820 9830 2.0 215 53.7 462.1 26.9 3130 0.55 2.07 10 15.31 35.4 2900 0.07 301 4.78
114350 114350 - 2.d 456 1190 28200 1.7 72500 258.6 135.6 73.3 3750 0.85 9.9 16.2 139.90 1161 2363 0.64 23.4 1.39
114350 114350 - 3.d 654 7820 14700 1.5 15900 154.7 440.8 26.3 3172 0.76 2.97 11.8 73.20 162.9 3349 0.13 641 7.88
114350 114350 - 4.d 369.5 233.6 1690 2.6 170 198.8 44.8 26.2 2617 0.65 4.95 8.5 17.27 581.7 1665 0.13 8.15 0.92
114350 114350 - 5.d 527 5120 8420 1.4 205 251.9 445.7 11.7 3000 0.6 2.62 8.9 46.20 90.9 3370 0.11 652 5.97
114350 114350 - 6.d 440 1860 6800 1.2 170 267 371.2 22.7 3269 0.9 8.1 8.2 37.80 819 3629 1.06 332 9.3
114350 114350 - 7.d 724 8500 10700 1.9 245 205.7 387.4 11 3480 0.375 3.24 12.7 41.50 65.6 3346 0.17 636 6.97
114350 114350 - 8.d 999 17700 69100 4.6 4720 135.7 198.3 77.1 4190 1.63 3.98 11.6 26.94 176.6 3867 0.28 205.1 6.3
114350 114350 - 9.d 1161 22700 33800 2.0 1450 21.6 107.3 22 5150 1 4.28 31 366.10 40.9 4375 0.21 424 31.3
114350 114350 - 10.d 500 3480 6040 3.1 235 315.5 429 10.4 3264 0.6 2.45 7 44.20 130.2 3674 0.14 446 5.3
114350 114350 - 11.d 866 12400 19000 2.9 245 259.8 357.9 19.1 4370 1 4.25 15.1 43.70 284.3 4384 0.79 528 6.59
114350 114350 - 12.d 603 6410 9000 1.7 225 149.6 421.7 8.5 3320 0.55 2.75 9.4 29.58 137.6 3624 0.06 434 6.18
114350 114350 - 13.d 565 4760 8570 1.8 450 260.8 179.4 7.5 3750 0.47 3.38 11.5 66.60 237 4657 0.42 332.1 5.53312 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 66 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
TFJ6-335 TJF6-335-A - 22.d
TFJ6-335 TJF6-335-A - 23.d
TFJ6-335 TJF6-335-A - 24.d
TFJ6-335 TJF6-335-A - 25.d
TFJ6-335 TJF6-335-A - 26.d
TFJ6-335 TJF6-335-A - 27.d
TFJ6-335 TJF6-335-A - 28.d
TFJ6-335 TJF6-335-A - 29.d
TFJ6-335 TJF6-335-A - 30.d
WT8-53E WT8-53E-C - 1.d
WT8-53E WT8-53E-C - 2.d
WT8-53E WT8-53E-C - 3.d
WT8-53E WT8-53E-C - 4.d
WT8-53E WT8-53E-C - 5.d
WT8-53E WT8-53E-C - 6.d
WT8-53E WT8-53E-C - 7.d
WT8-53E WT8-53E-C - 8.d
WT8-53E WT8-53E-C - 9.d
WT8-53E WT8-53E-C - 10.d
WT8-53E WT8-53E-C - 11.d
WT8-53E WT8-53E-C - 12.d
WT8-53E WT8-53E-C - 13.d
WT8-53E WT8-53E-C - 14.d
WT8-53E WT8-53E-C - 15.d
WT8-53E WT8-53E-C - 16.d
WT8-53E WT8-53E-C - 17.d
WT8-53E WT8-53E-C - 18.d
WT8-53E WT8-53E-C - 19.d
WT8-53E WT8-53E-C - 20.d
WT8-53E WT8-53E-C - 21.d
WT8-53E WT8-53E-C - 22.d
WT8-53E WT8-53E-C - 23.d
114350 114350 - 1.d
114350 114350 - 2.d
114350 114350 - 3.d
114350 114350 - 4.d
114350 114350 - 5.d
114350 114350 - 6.d
114350 114350 - 7.d
114350 114350 - 8.d
114350 114350 - 9.d
114350 114350 - 10.d
114350 114350 - 11.d
114350 114350 - 12.d
114350 114350 - 13.dHf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
15.73 21.12 8.82 1.75 3.94 0.299 0.0255 0.00 0.01 9.3 7 5 gnt-px amphibolite Brazil
10.17 16.61 6.57 2.1 3.15 0.231 0.041 0.00 0.01 7.0 7 5 gnt-px amphibolite Brazil
11.48 30.62 35.22 2.25 4.52 0.54 0.201 0.00 0.00 9.9 6 4 gnt-px amphibolite Brazil
17.59 22.22 8.35 1.9 11.44 0.78 0.033 0.00 0.19 25.1 7 5 gnt-px amphibolite Brazil
21.26 27 19.19 1.6 26.15 1.91 0.039 0.00 0.01 60.0 7 5 gnt-px amphibolite Brazil
3.76 14.64 6.69 1.85 5.56 0.469 0.0385 0.00 0.01 13.4 7 5 gnt-px amphibolite Brazil
21.75 19.54 8.2 2.05 5.39 0.5 0.0385 0.00 0.02 12.8 7 5 gnt-px amphibolite Brazil
4.77 18.37 6.4 2.25 6.44 0.453 0.031 0.01 0.01 14.5 7 5 gnt-px amphibolite Brazil
21.67 19.22 8.66 1.65 8.83 1.08 0.6 0.00 0.01 18.3 7 5 gnt-px amphibolite Brazil
28.06 53.16 7.84 1.25 2.58 0.135 0.0275 0.00 0.01 5.8 8 1 garnet inclusion Brazil
17.76 16.6 5.38 2 0.139 0.1 0.0395 0.01 0.01 0.2 8 1 garnet inclusion Brazil
23.4 18.5 5.23 1.55 1.83 0.121 0.026 0.00 0.01 4.0 8 1 garnet inclusion Brazil
18.06 14.83 3.62 1.9 0.214 0.055 0.035 0.00 0.00 0.5 8 1 garnet inclusion Brazil
22.99 20.21 5.43 1.4 0.55 0.075 0.037 0.00 0.03 1.2 8 1 garnet inclusion Brazil
19.15 7.63 3.26 1.65 3.22 0.195 0.037 0.00 0.01 7.4 8 1 garnet inclusion Brazil
22.61 14.6 2.98 3 2.05 0.266 0.121 0.00 0.01 4.3 8 1 garnet inclusion Brazil
20.41 13.22 10.62 2 0.261 0.233 0.157 0.00 0.01 0.3 8 1 garnet inclusion Brazil
12.71 15.24 3.38 1.9 1.55 0.182 0.144 0.00 0.01 3.4 8 1 garnet inclusion Brazil
23.52 12.32 4.5 1.65 2.18 0.075 0.031 0.00 0.01 4.9 8 1 garnet inclusion Brazil
20.9 12.63 3.39 1.85 2.6 0.263 0.0335 0.00 0.01 6.6 8 1 garnet inclusion Brazil
20.36 17.16 4.04 1.25 2.46 0.351 0.106 0.00 0.00 5.4 8 1 garnet inclusion Brazil
20.56 18.47 4.81 1.25 0.57 0.39 0.43 0.00 0.00 0.1 8 1 garnet inclusion Brazil
13.26 11.51 4.01 1.65 0.065 0.055 0.0285 0.00 0.01 0.2 8 1 garnet inclusion Brazil
26.48 38.59 9.74 1.65 0.232 0.0355 0.027 0.00 0.01 0.7 8 1 garnet inclusion Brazil
14.74 8.44 3.98 1.6 0.06 0.0475 0.04 0.00 0.01 0.2 8 1 garnet inclusion Brazil
21 23.04 5.03 1.35 0.231 0.06 0.033 0.00 0.01 0.5 8 1 garnet inclusion Brazil
16.69 11.41 3.02 1.7 0.055 0.065 0.0385 0.00 0.00 0.3 8 1 garnet inclusion Brazil
30.4 32.58 5.68 1.4 1.03 0.105 0.0325 0.00 0.01 2.4 8 1 garnet inclusion Brazil
20.27 11.65 5.55 1.95 0.055 0.065 0.0375 0.00 0.00 0.2 8 1 garnet inclusion Brazil
15.35 10.9 2.48 2 1.18 1.24 1.35 0.00 0.00 0.3 8 1 garnet inclusion Brazil
20.5 18.64 6.82 1.85 0.045 0.0395 0.0245 0.00 0.00 0.3 8 1 garnet inclusion Brazil
23.49 15.7 3.19 1.7 0.0475 0.06 0.0345 0.00 0.01 0.1 8 1 garnet inclusion Brazil
4.45 185.9 292 9.4 14 12.11 20.97 0.01 32.07 2.1 1 3 metadacite Pilbara
30.6 53.91 2022 38.8 42 52.1 48 0.01 4.16 2.4 1 3 metadacite Pilbara
11.96 159.8 312 23.2 40.8 35.3 55.7 0.02 85.00 6.2 1 3 metadacite Pilbara
14.2 48.8 1272 24.5 24.27 32.5 30.5 0.00 0.56 0.3 1 3 metadacite Pilbara
10.44 207.6 162.6 20.8 32.4 32.5 50.1 0.01 76.00 4.3 1 3 metadacite Pilbara
54.8 134.9 916 39 49.3 53 55.5 0.06 21.50 4.0 1 3 metadacite Pilbara
8.93 194.2 245 20.3 37 35.7 55.4 0.01 79.40 4.1 1 3 metadacite Pilbara
16.39 199.8 336 13 23.7 20.2 24.9 0.01 24.98 3.0 1 3 metadacite Pilbara
4.48 240.9 636 55.8 196.7 119.7 201.1 0.10 273.40 31.4 5 3 metadacite Pilbara
14.32 211.9 145.4 19 27.78 27.78 41.5 0.00 60.20 4.0 1 3 metadacite Pilbara
23.4 192.7 161.6 28 39.6 39.1 50 0.03 54.90 5.1 1 3 metadacite Pilbara
12.94 181 106.3 21.1 29.61 29.12 41.5 0.00 54.30 3.7 1 3 metadacite Pilbara
23.3 185.4 204.7 22.2 35.2 37.4 42.2 0.03 32.41 3.4 1 3 metadacite PilbaraAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 313Appendix C Table 1 Page 67 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
114350 114350 - 14.d 424 1960 3920 1.6 230 217.6 246.7 9.6 2926 0.55 4.08 9.5 34.36 100 3231 0.05 401.8 5.71
114350 114350 - 15.d 842 11300 15200 1.6 195 217.9 207.6 10.9 4300 0.495 3.14 12.7 30.60 148.8 3773 0.14 151 5.62
114350 114350 - 16.d 627 6660 9380 3.1 250 200.8 263.2 9 4600 0.8 3.99 12.9 71.80 85.6 3234 0.01 699 10.8
114350 114350 - 17.d 743 14630 21050 1.5 265 116.4 285.8 13.1 4590 1.22 2.91 11.5 36.30 22 3430 0.03 843 9.5
114350 114350 - 18.d 520 4670 8900 1.6 200 181.7 348.6 23.7 3680 0.84 3.3 8.9 79.90 153.1 4157 0.12 347.2 7.57
114350 114350 - 19.d 616 6330 8600 4.4 240 107.9 438.7 18.3 3610 0.55 3.72 6.9 44.30 73.1 3329 0.10 402 12.39
114350 114350 - 20.d 564 5760 9350 1.7 175 280.1 244.6 11.4 3950 0.93 4.02 9.3 39.16 119 3970 0.02 328 5.25
114350 114350 - 21.d 599 6760 10050 1.7 135 126.2 510.8 16.5 3309 0.71 2.48 11.1 40.80 68.43 3360 0.07 453 5.52
114350 114350 - 22.d 1870 5940 11240 2.3 420 63.5 195 34.3 7440 0.8 7.6 39.1 126.30 379.4 3123 3.17 135.7 10.44
114350 114350 - 23.d 825 14100 21000 3.1 230 149.1 189.8 3.55 5850 1 2.99 13.5 74.90 94.8 4195 0.08 605 10.14
114350 114350 - 24.d 894 11700 19100 1.9 195 78 394.9 43.3 5220 0.8 3.59 13.1 54.90 52.2 4546 0.04 430 13.53
114350 114350 - 25.d 682 6650 10970 1.5 175 369.4 371.1 19.6 3590 0.6 2.37 12.9 26.89 159.8 3502 0.06 459 6.58
114350 114350 - 26.d 667 8340 15200 2.4 475 315.1 161 17.9 5200 0.95 3.3 11.3 53.40 599 6770 0.78 229 6.06
114350 114350 - 27.d 654 7190 10200 1.5 3890 219.4 273.3 9 3530 1.21 3.24 8.2 31.90 132 3948 0.05 300 5.26
114350 114350 - 28.d 469 2050 3820 3.1 180 224.4 215 12.1 3150 0.65 2.51 7 45.90 258 3865 0.53 168.4 4.52
114350 114350 - 29.d 1143 22400 33900 1.8 260 132.7 174.3 3.85 5900 1.72 4.4 16.6 67.00 90.3 3609 0.07 480 12.1
114350 114350 - 30.d 783 9600 13400 3.9 230 181 207 3.05 5270 1.15 5.52 10.3 70.00 76.7 3472 0.14 442 13.3
114350 114350 - 31.d 599 5590 9220 2.0 205 214.3 683 9.3 3920 0.65 2.92 9.3 62.80 71.9 3076 0.08 684 14.35
114350 114350 - 32.d 539 5420 8600 1.3 185 169.3 416.2 6.1 3010 0.485 2.56 9.2 56.80 83 3142 0.11 721 7.54
114350 114350 - 33.d 592 6000 11300 1.5 255 209.5 112.7 7.2 3880 0.95 4.18 9.9 32.90 245.3 3272 0.09 180 12.28
114350 114350 - 34.d 649 6560 9600 1.1 205 85 332.7 12 3990 0.65 2.01 8.6 23.65 120.6 3754 0.05 335 9.97
114350 114350 - 35.d 900 2390 5430 2.5 3000 346.5 179 27.2 4860 1 6.96 16.1 28.40 699 4011 0.55 174.1 10.65
114350 114350 - 36.d 1780 20600 30200 1.5 295 137.8 351.5 10.8 7940 2.85 3.15 35.5 53.50 21.06 3264 0.03 1034 9.22
114350 114350 - 37.d 543 1280 4760 1.5 12500 178.5 155.4 3.15 3860 0.85 4.19 9.1 94.60 268.5 4839 0.29 134.9 4.57
114350 114350 - 38.d 442 943 9670 1.3 540 540.3 293 2.4 3798 0.7 5.07 9 80.30 368.6 6026 1.59 205.3 1.81
114350 114350 - 39.d 639 7490 9350 1.6 225 236.7 341.5 13.7 3370 0.7 2.91 7.4 34.10 149.1 3668 0.06 283.1 4.96
114350 114350 - 40.d 587 8570 10100 3.2 5000 150.5 452.8 17.8 3238 0.7 5.08 11 30.16 46.1 2973 0.06 509 6.21
114350 114350 - 41.d 1200 17400 26500 2.0 225 130.5 277.4 14 5530 0.65 16.9 15.9 50.20 70.6 2816 0.05 687 9.73
114350 114350 - 42.d 506 4480 9730 1.4 205 118.6 793.1 7.4 3560 0.55 4.83 8.3 77.60 33.21 3334 0.15 883 16.19
114350 114350 - 43.d 438 2500 4120 2.6 210 225.9 290.7 9.9 2874 0.75 2.66 6.1 47.70 143.9 3283 0.11 414 5.68
114350 114350 - 44.d 567 2330 4330 3.1 17200 338.3 223.9 46.2 3810 0.5 3.26 10.9 220.00 1770 4944 1.10 304.9 6.36
114350 114350 - 45.d 588 6250 19600 1.4 255 126.9 165.5 9.7 4380 0.435 3.06 9.8 43.60 50.7 3418 0.24 339 9.83
114350 114350 - 46.d 1143 20050 26800 1.6 940 120.4 300.7 10.5 4260 0.55 3.73 14.8 38.60 122.9 3638 0.06 628 7.98
114350 114350 - 47.d 1055 17350 29500 1.5 270 122.9 613 17.8 4150 0.6 3.95 13.1 27.00 70.53 3614 0.06 594 5.35
114350 114350 - 48.d 499 697 4150 1.4 470 393.4 216.3 22.3 3410 0.445 5.02 10 88.00 909 4501 1.50 183.7 2.82
114350 114350 - 49.d 715 10670 15930 3.0 275 333.4 297.8 7.7 4880 1.13 4.96 13.1 67.30 531 4900 0.11 918 12.6
114350 114350 - 50.d 807 9170 13630 1.6 250 129.9 402.1 14.4 4380 1.05 2.85 15.5 44.50 142.3 4347 0.08 484 7.13
127320 127320M - 1.d 28940 90200 130200 2.8 21900 52.9 257.4 109 72700 42.8 68 9370 643.00 450 4980 57.40 91.4 163
127320 127320M - 3.d 10030 57200 104000 3.3 3710 42.6 286.1 46.3 26520 12.7 117.1 2115 918.00 259.9 5660 62.40 137.3 117.4
127320 127320M - 4.d 3430 11970 22400 2.0 10840 6.34 93.8 9.2 7550 3.98 3.32 72.1 27.08 58.72 2652 21.90 3.6 31.3
127320 127320M - 5.d 29860 74800 100700 3.2 30400 54.8 289.1 345.2 82100 18.2 183 2030 530.70 270.2 4693 56.50 200.3 91.9
127320 127320M - 6.d 11900 39900 155600 2.5 6390 62.7 161.9 2985 58000 73.2 87.2 1630 1022.00 360.6 3190 196.50 93.1 117.6
127320 127320M - 7.d 8230 28180 88200 3.7 2280 64.5 275.9 798 21020 17.6 33.6 1384 ####### 437 2621 58.90 100.1 65.5
127320 127320M - 8.d 5360 19730 29900 2.7 2880 63.3 112.5 6749 17810 8.1 58.7 667 960.00 182.9 3314 43.70 106 96.5
142842 142842 - 1.d 410.2 27.2 1730 2.5 115 18.9 79.7 30.7 673 0.71 2.37 5.51 0.10 32.36 2410 0.14 2.58 0.08314 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 68 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
114350 114350 - 14.d
114350 114350 - 15.d
114350 114350 - 16.d
114350 114350 - 17.d
114350 114350 - 18.d
114350 114350 - 19.d
114350 114350 - 20.d
114350 114350 - 21.d
114350 114350 - 22.d
114350 114350 - 23.d
114350 114350 - 24.d
114350 114350 - 25.d
114350 114350 - 26.d
114350 114350 - 27.d
114350 114350 - 28.d
114350 114350 - 29.d
114350 114350 - 30.d
114350 114350 - 31.d
114350 114350 - 32.d
114350 114350 - 33.d
114350 114350 - 34.d
114350 114350 - 35.d
114350 114350 - 36.d
114350 114350 - 37.d
114350 114350 - 38.d
114350 114350 - 39.d
114350 114350 - 40.d
114350 114350 - 41.d
114350 114350 - 42.d
114350 114350 - 43.d
114350 114350 - 44.d
114350 114350 - 45.d
114350 114350 - 46.d
114350 114350 - 47.d
114350 114350 - 48.d
114350 114350 - 49.d
114350 114350 - 50.d
127320 127320M - 1.d
127320 127320M - 3.d
127320 127320M - 4.d
127320 127320M - 5.d
127320 127320M - 6.d
127320 127320M - 7.d
127320 127320M - 8.d
142842 142842 - 1.dHf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
13.7 185.6 70.1 25.3 38.6 40.7 52.98 0.01 45.60 3.3 1 3 metadacite Pilbara
16.04 186.7 293 10.8 17.99 18.27 25.96 0.00 32.61 2.4 1 3 metadacite Pilbara
10.81 163.6 2340 32.5 53.9 53.3 62.4 0.00 51.40 6.6 1 3 metadacite Pilbara
4.56 133.2 2660 23 37.9 36.4 46.9 0.01 43.60 4.0 1 3 metadacite Pilbara
15.78 186.7 382.9 22.6 34.38 33.9 53.7 0.00 71.60 4.0 1 3 metadacite Pilbara
8.08 149.2 1102 20 34.6 31.79 44.9 0.01 57.12 4.7 1 3 metadacite Pilbara
14.36 176.3 120.1 22.2 30.02 30.43 41.4 0.01 40.80 3.0 1 3 metadacite Pilbara
9.2 157.6 74.6 16.1 26.52 25.32 36.15 0.01 49.16 3.6 1 3 metadacite Pilbara
13.45 102 718 39 85.6 68.2 92.9 0.07 108.60 12.1 1 4 metadacite Pilbara
11.43 186.8 2373 35.7 56.2 56.5 89 0.00 118.00 6.3 1 3 metadacite Pilbara
6.62 175.3 2487 27.9 39.6 37.4 68.5 0.01 112.60 5.4 1 3 metadacite Pilbara
19.47 185.1 81.4 22.7 29.31 29.81 36.16 0.01 28.73 2.9 1 3 metadacite Pilbara
31.6 117.4 1698 26.8 43.7 43.4 55.2 0.02 51.00 4.9 1 3 metadacite Pilbara
14.58 189 95.1 17 24.8 23.3 31.1 0.00 34.80 3.1 1 3 metadacite Pilbara
27.1 206.2 176.4 21.3 29.68 30.37 34.65 0.04 28.60 3.7 1 3 metadacite Pilbara
11.06 144 2720 34.7 55 55.5 90.1 0.01 125.20 5.5 1 3 metadacite Pilbara
10.55 111.4 2263 43.2 64.4 65.5 92 0.01 102.30 6.1 1 3 metadacite Pilbara
9.34 143.6 2270 36.5 55 53.6 71.8 0.00 80.90 6.7 1 3 metadacite Pilbara
10.4 152.3 409.5 27.5 43.7 43.4 54.6 0.01 57.70 5.6 1 3 metadacite Pilbara
23.37 190.6 1454 33.4 46.3 52.4 55.6 0.00 22.40 3.0 1 3 metadacite Pilbara
14.63 209.6 333 16.6 25.9 26.8 34.4 0.00 32.10 2.6 1 3 metadacite Pilbara
61.2 197.4 783 23.1 33.2 35.2 36.6 0.03 12.20 2.2 1 3 metadacite Pilbara
3.59 169.9 2780 22.3 42.2 38.2 48.6 0.01 46.52 4.5 1 3 metadacite Pilbara
24.06 218.4 344 36 46.3 46.8 60.4 0.05 54.30 4.6 1 3 metadacite Pilbara
25.61 207.2 755 26.5 35.1 39.1 40.6 0.07 18.28 2.9 1 3 metadacite Pilbara
15.84 205.2 233.4 17.8 23.58 22.64 34.5 0.00 44.70 2.6 1 3 metadacite Pilbara
5.9 191.7 379 14.2 20.93 19.07 28.8 0.01 41.70 2.7 1 3 metadacite Pilbara
7.47 130.5 2580 30.7 52.1 49.3 82.2 0.00 106.50 5.0 1 3 metadacite Pilbara
5.33 173.9 1913 41.5 60.1 60 86.4 0.01 103.20 6.4 1 3 metadacite Pilbara
15.48 168.6 72.2 20.4 30.9 30.9 41.3 0.01 42.18 3.4 1 3 metadacite Pilbara
62.5 163.9 413 24.1 69.2 45.9 50.9 0.03 60.90 16.4 1 3 metadacite Pilbara
7.55 183.9 2337 32.3 43.8 45.8 67.5 0.00 85.60 3.8 1 3 metadacite Pilbara
13.19 206 369 23.5 40.2 38.9 54.7 0.01 60.70 4.4 1 3 metadacite Pilbara
9.31 182.9 186.5 13.3 31.61 24.73 38.2 0.01 48.80 4.4 1 3 metadacite Pilbara
55.2 165.4 248.7 34.7 54.1 55.3 52.2 0.13 10.01 5.0 1 3 metadacite Pilbara
68.7 352.9 2390 35.6 58.5 55.8 82.1 0.01 97.10 6.1 1 3 metadacite Pilbara
16.1 159.1 150 22.9 38.53 37.56 50.1 0.01 53.03 4.9 1 3 metadacite Pilbara
13.94 169.5 2827 1270 2520 2070 2090 0.38 808.00 413.0 5 4 granophyre Mt. Ada, Pilbara
6.34 125.9 2779 811 1970 1377 1459 0.81 977.00 301.5 5 4 granophyre Mt. Ada, Pilbara
2.38 42.82 32.86 67 286.6 135.7 120 0.03 130.10 101.0 5 4 granophyre Mt. Ada, Pilbara
11.09 99.1 1209 634 1283 1016 1038 0.90 565.20 193.7 5 4 granophyre Mt. Ada, Pilbara
19.45 54.29 2219 1360 2370 2120 2090 3.79 863.00 310.2 4 4 granophyre Mt. Ada, Pilbara
21.13 43.73 1586 447 1328 799 781 2.20 551.00 351.0 4 4 granophyre Mt. Ada, Pilbara
7.89 60.39 1386 933 2000 1542 1455 2.69 522.40 374.8 4 4 granophyre Mt. Ada, Pilbara
1.94 129.9 19.82 1.4 0.048 0.07 0.039 0.00 0.01 0.0 1 3 volcaniclastic Mt. Ada, PilbaraAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 315Appendix C Table 1 Page 69 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
142842 142842 - 2.d 416.3 319 5020 2.3 285 48.9 1847 365.9 816 0.7 5.8 10.5 5.55 29.63 2698 1.29 348 23.47
142842 142842 - 3.d 396.5 848 3340 1.4 195 26.9 118.8 54.6 1331 0.445 2.75 6.5 3.15 21.91 2510 0.28 3.35 0.62
142842 142842 - 4.d 422 989 82900 1.5 380 99.2 4880 1865 257 2.09 7.2 12.5 137.10 26.13 2044 0.08 785 141.5
142842 142842 - 5.d 379.3 569 34400 1.3 460 121.1 4500 1595 185 1.48 3.83 10.1 107.80 20.33 1767 0.22 988 201
142842 142842 - 6.d 388 200 950 2.2 205 76.8 4856 280.5 1144 1.85 3.97 10.2 24.86 34.3 2870 0.11 1352 55.1
142842 142842 - 7.d 434 1670 5290 1.8 790 74.4 504 4340 1028 1.86 5.6 44.2 161.10 954 2435 13.49 464 22.4
142842 142842 - 8.d 404.6 167.7 10250 1.6 150 66.5 3402 1074 218 0.445 4.01 8.5 31.90 10.78 1550 0.05 794 89.9
142842 142842 - 9.d 402.3 838 59500 1.7 580 59.8 5150 691.6 352 0.65 3.88 9.2 127.90 20.42 2519 0.28 886 178.2
142842 142842 - 10.d 436.3 727 69000 1.4 530 88.6 4325 779 738 1.76 7.75 11.8 129.10 21.53 2228 0.22 924 85.8
142842 142842 - 11.d 560 4130 94700 3.8 330 71.8 4940 563 468 1.37 4.57 12.3 125.80 12.39 1790 0.07 545.9 138.6
142842 142842 - 12.d 435.2 736 65300 1.5 225 107.1 4163 1290 312 1.36 8.5 11.3 124.80 17.55 2012 0.20 863 146.1
142842 142842 - 13.d 430.2 199.8 850 2.7 225 26.6 168.1 41.5 1431 0.75 3.98 8.6 31.30 26.55 2580 0.07 13.36 2.92
142842 142842 - 14.d 473 3420 20100 1.4 730 100.5 4796 873 404 0.95 3.27 12.1 161.90 14.91 1969 0.24 1003 145.6
142842 142842 - 15.d 436 1504 202000 3.3 500 84.6 5349 1482 327 1.45 10.7 14.1 133.30 20.56 2264 0.24 844 142
142842 142842 - 16.d 433.6 800 75200 1.4 225 84 4190 1127 349 0.75 3.85 10.5 80.50 12.58 2639 0.19 670 110.7
142842 142842 - 17.d 420.1 842 85600 1.7 245 77.4 4650 1095 271 1.62 4.74 10 104.40 17.04 1831 0.16 731 152.4
142842 142842 - 18.d 423 1156 142100 2.3 265 63.6 2183 928 517 0.8 18.9 22.3 111.20 17.24 1927 0.13 458.5 70.4
142842 142842 - 19.d 907 9400 74000 1.7 195 33.2 2952 705 826 2.3 7.4 20 42.60 6.84 784 0.03 81.9 104.9
142842 142842 - 20.d 432.4 1370 91000 1.8 160 35.5 1861 1114 508 1.62 3.9 10.8 46.40 4.23 1938 0.06 143 69.7
142842 142842 - 21.d 451 1600 74200 3.8 250 161.3 4828 1388 271 2.01 6.52 10.6 179.10 25.14 2460 0.06 1029 135.8
142842 142842 - 22.d 413 1106 105600 4.7 275 58.6 5140 729 273 0.7 7 11 67.00 11 1468 0.02 499 161.3
142842 142842 - 23.d 412.2 383 38900 1.7 5700 62.5 3394 916 710 2.09 3.53 10 67.20 10.37 1323 0.11 545 123.8
142842 142842 - 24.d 396 942 173700 1.9 310 42.8 2717 478.3 433 1.23 15.2 17.3 72.30 10.7 1287 0.16 483 115.2
142842 142842 - 25.d 631 9300 19700 2.3 1530 26.3 156.2 894 1450 1.16 5.02 115.8 28.01 1031.8 2359 0.75 19.8 7.36
142842 142842 - 26.d 383 360 19100 1.5 190 50.4 2269 140.5 1098 0.495 4.32 7.7 23.46 36.79 2260 0.15 415.8 12.93
142842 142842 - 27.d 407.7 618 3910 2.9 2000 60.3 731 822 692 2.8 4.82 30.5 54.50 948 1733 5.59 94.3 8.97
142842 142842 - 28.d 409.2 1040 55800 2.6 360 77.1 4380 891 286 2.34 40.5 200 93.60 11.38 1519 0.20 458 128.2
142842 142842 - 29.d 440 1121 70400 1.8 175 78.2 3943 560.1 399 2.77 17.1 20.5 110.70 19.98 1831 0.17 850 124.4
142842 142842 - 30.d 420.1 12100 140400 1.9 305 151.8 4831 2179 297 1.35 9.1 13.2 186.40 34.6 2255 0.12 1028 124.1
178119 178119Z - 1.d 431 538 7460 2.9 5490 12.9 1215 4071 1950 8.9 31.9 15.4 204.00 177.2 1453 7.49 11.59 3.23
178119 178119Z - 2.d 345.8 442 4810 1.3 1480 6.06 1004.2 5770 696 2 8 5.72 3.33 402 2558 1.91 11.74 1.42
178119 178119Z - 3.d 596 32000 43500 4.6 21140 6.17 830.7 1106 1496 4.55 23.5 9.9 3.01 378 652.7 1.09 10.81 1.31
178119 178119Z - 4.d 526 346 4290 2.8 2080 7.38 1565 6520 478 2.96 6.42 6.09 9.60 557 2739 2.06 11.99 1.88
178119 178119Z - 5.d 384 257 13800 1.4 19400 13.1 3181 3644 1850 8.3 5.66 11.8 0.67 570 794 1.96 11.95 1.68
178119 178119Z - 6.d 415 460 4730 3.7 3540 7.1 997 4298 588 2.27 7.01 8.6 28.80 940 1641 1.39 11.52 1.31
178119 178119Z - 7.d 427 1126 17700 9.4 19800 9.1 1170 4294 1450 31.7 18.1 6.5 16.50 566 1830 1.59 11.82 1.64
178119 178119Z - 8.d 391 223 4300 8.2 1570 8.68 842.5 2187 1074 9.4 11.5 10.3 6.92 1110 849 0.83 10.75 2.09
178119 178119Z - 9.d 392 126 3330 1.7 460 8 1315 4179 708 1.56 7.4 9.1 4.34 730 1508 1.72 11.87 1.41
178119 178119Z - 10.d 1370 1830 6790 3.9 4220 8.21 1155 4139 2370 9.5 4.74 16.9 12.20 226 1616 1.09 11.93 1.5
178119 178119Z - 11.d 544 3810 74000 4.8 99800 9.35 940 6570 5660 333 50.2 7.8 3.18 137.3 2604 4.37 8.12 3.7
178119 178119Z - 12.d 450 740 15000 3.1 19400 10.6 1232 5540 703 1.63 5.02 7.6 86.00 870 2563 1.74 12.58 1.92
178119 178119Z - 13.d 413 1872 99200 7.1 119600 18.3 792 3910 10410 26.3 7.9 7 32.50 1700 1089 5.00 8.76 1.78
178119 178119Z - 14.d 7200 1730 50200 3.3 5000 8.8 1320 6490 2980 18.1 8 12.4 2.68 162 1013.3 1.45 11.32 1.55
178119 178119Z - 15.d 389 224 4700 1.5 2900 5.78 1108 5466 525 1.35 3.92 7.4 16.40 316 2398 1.68 11.32 1.7
178119 178119Z - 16.d 441 730 16000 3.1 7300 8.12 1385 4068 750 2.76 18.1 7.8 17.70 364 1597 6.44 10.8 1.74316 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 70 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
142842 142842 - 2.d
142842 142842 - 3.d
142842 142842 - 4.d
142842 142842 - 5.d
142842 142842 - 6.d
142842 142842 - 7.d
142842 142842 - 8.d
142842 142842 - 9.d
142842 142842 - 10.d
142842 142842 - 11.d
142842 142842 - 12.d
142842 142842 - 13.d
142842 142842 - 14.d
142842 142842 - 15.d
142842 142842 - 16.d
142842 142842 - 17.d
142842 142842 - 18.d
142842 142842 - 19.d
142842 142842 - 20.d
142842 142842 - 21.d
142842 142842 - 22.d
142842 142842 - 23.d
142842 142842 - 24.d
142842 142842 - 25.d
142842 142842 - 26.d
142842 142842 - 27.d
142842 142842 - 28.d
142842 142842 - 29.d
142842 142842 - 30.d
178119 178119Z - 1.d
178119 178119Z - 2.d
178119 178119Z - 3.d
178119 178119Z - 4.d
178119 178119Z - 5.d
178119 178119Z - 6.d
178119 178119Z - 7.d
178119 178119Z - 8.d
178119 178119Z - 9.d
178119 178119Z - 10.d
178119 178119Z - 11.d
178119 178119Z - 12.d
178119 178119Z - 13.d
178119 178119Z - 14.d
178119 178119Z - 15.d
178119 178119Z - 16.dHf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
1.99 101.9 747 4.9 6.39 6.75 6.66 0.02 2.33 0.7 1 3 volcaniclastic Mt. Ada, Pilbara
1.09 158.5 19.56 5.2 6.13 5.96 6.23 0.00 0.06 0.1 1 3 volcaniclastic Mt. Ada, Pilbara
1.38 35.58 1987 58.9 92.6 93.8 91.2 0.01 19.82 9.8 1 3 volcaniclastic Mt. Ada, Pilbara
1.12 38.37 1884 46.8 77 75.8 72.6 0.01 16.27 7.8 1 3 volcaniclastic Mt. Ada, Pilbara
2.5 151.7 2650 13.9 16.47 15.94 15.22 0.00 2.94 1.7 1 3 volcaniclastic Mt. Ada, Pilbara
33.8 79.19 1010 138.6 362 258.4 349 0.01 541.40 74.9 7 5 volcaniclastic Mt. Ada, Pilbara
0.6 30.91 1363 13.1 23.94 22 21.57 0.00 7.17 2.3 1 3 volcaniclastic Mt. Ada, Pilbara
0.53 42.75 2483 48.1 82.4 83.6 77.5 0.01 9.77 8.1 1 3 volcaniclastic Mt. Ada, Pilbara
1.52 46.76 1835 45.3 76.2 76 75.4 0.00 26.18 9.4 1 3 volcaniclastic Mt. Ada, Pilbara
0.464 35.77 2129 54.7 97.1 91.4 89.1 0.01 22.64 9.2 1 3 volcaniclastic Mt. Ada, Pilbara
0.8 48.63 2000 51.8 84.3 82.4 81.8 0.01 24.06 8.7 1 3 volcaniclastic Mt. Ada, Pilbara
1.35 129.7 297 8.4 9.87 11.76 11.95 0.00 1.62 0.3 1 3 volcaniclastic Mt. Ada, Pilbara
0.65 26.86 2265 66.9 106.6 108 98.4 0.01 10.76 12.1 1 3 volcaniclastic Mt. Ada, Pilbara
1 38.69 2457 58.8 99.7 98.5 95.3 0.02 16.95 8.8 1 3 volcaniclastic Mt. Ada, Pilbara
0.85 49.41 1886 40.4 63 62.8 60.6 0.00 11.86 5.9 1 3 volcaniclastic Mt. Ada, Pilbara
1.14 30.5 2268 49.7 74.2 75.3 71.5 0.01 18.36 7.9 1 3 volcaniclastic Mt. Ada, Pilbara
0.65 45.81 1245 38.7 96.6 69.9 75.2 0.01 45.93 15.2 1 3 volcaniclastic Mt. Ada, Pilbara
0.248 27.16 1567 33.3 53.7 54.8 53 0.00 7.85 4.2 1 3 volcaniclastic Mt. Ada, Pilbara
0.188 41.6 851 16.2 32.5 26.6 27.5 0.01 17.66 4.4 1 3 volcaniclastic Mt. Ada, Pilbara
0.82 28.96 2435 59.4 103.5 102.9 96.8 0.01 14.27 11.6 1 3 volcaniclastic Mt. Ada, Pilbara
0.373 36.31 2460 45.6 73.6 75.6 71 0.01 6.55 5.8 1 3 volcaniclastic Mt. Ada, Pilbara
0.535 23.37 1788 43.2 65.9 65 60.4 0.00 11.99 7.3 1 3 volcaniclastic Mt. Ada, Pilbara
0.6 19.52 1675 34.8 65 56.1 55 0.00 14.30 7.2 1 3 volcaniclastic Mt. Ada, Pilbara
35.84 62.03 203.5 38.9 227.1 103.1 93.3 0.00 91.20 76.0 4 5 volcaniclastic Mt. Ada, Pilbara
2.19 120.6 1291 4 11.74 10.54 11.67 0.00 6.33 1.4 1 3 volcaniclastic Mt. Ada, Pilbara
40.98 89.17 273 24.9 70.1 48.9 57.3 0.01 50.80 12.1 4 3 volcaniclastic Mt. Ada, Pilbara
0.64 52.7 1968 125.3 219 209 205 0.05 13.29 7.9 1 3 volcaniclastic Mt. Ada, Pilbara
0.91 24.56 2057 41.9 80 69.3 67.9 0.01 19.19 9.1 1 3 volcaniclastic Mt. Ada, Pilbara
1.72 40.88 1647 77.6 123 117.4 119.9 0.01 31.74 11.5 1 3 volcaniclastic Mt. Ada, Pilbara
8.94 30.89 489.1 6.8 41.6 14.42 16.7 0.01 1.53 11.7 4 5 dolerite Yilgarn
14.41 52.8 492.5 1.65 26.35 6.39 1.41 0.00 1.28 11.7 4 5 dolerite Yilgarn
12.2 37 222.7 1.8 14.74 3.91 1.304 0.00 5.23 6.8 4 5 dolerite Yilgarn
18.3 53.67 456.9 1.45 27.36 6.43 0.584 0.00 0.67 12.1 4 5 dolerite Yilgarn
17.3 16.75 329.4 1.9 28.9 6.52 0.597 0.00 1.13 13.7 4 5 dolerite Yilgarn
27.6 47.5 330.2 1.9 23.99 5.87 1.77 0.01 8.10 12.0 4 5 dolerite Yilgarn
21 55.6 423 1.85 29.4 9.76 6.23 0.01 4.90 10.9 4 5 dolerite Yilgarn
33 24.24 249 1.7 15.2 3.5 0.72 0.01 0.93 6.7 4 5 dolerite Yilgarn
21.7 31.06 449.4 1.5 24.06 5.56 0.499 0.00 0.84 11.7 4 5 dolerite Yilgarn
11.11 59.62 295.2 2.35 16.94 4.15 0.268 0.01 0.34 7.6 4 5 dolerite Yilgarn
7.16 83.4 660 6.8 33.7 15.17 15.77 0.09 0.76 10.7 4 5 dolerite Yilgarn
28.5 69.3 423.8 2.3 35 8.99 2.2 0.01 2.77 16.3 4 5 dolerite Yilgarn
48.4 23.68 343.3 1.8 30.1 6.71 1.59 0.01 1.12 16.7 4 5 dolerite Yilgarn
8.69 22.29 526 1.8 28.01 6.58 1.016 0.01 1.31 12.9 4 5 dolerite Yilgarn
12.8 45.5 464.1 1.25 21.7 5.08 0.6 0.00 1.11 10.0 4 5 dolerite Yilgarn
13.81 44.36 342 0.9 25.32 7.13 3.52 0.02 5.19 12.0 4 5 dolerite YilgarnAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 317Appendix C Table 1 Page 71 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
178119 178119Z - 17.d 395 189 2790 1.5 230 6.32 1147 5461 773 2.89 11.8 13.4 1.02 203 2163 1.27 12.11 1.4
178119 178119Z - 18.d 373.3 192 2890 2.7 145 5.89 1076 4571 722 12.4 6.5 14.2 0.87 266 2291 1.35 11.75 1.43
178119 178119Z - 19.d 371.2 367 7900 1.3 8400 7.78 913.7 1696 1590 1.24 3.49 9.2 18.00 810 1182 1.36 10.16 1.09
178119 178119Z - 20.d 1460 1950 8720 1.6 3180 10.2 773.7 1264 1530 12.1 24.1 8.2 1.71 1050 504.9 1.42 10.04 1.09
178119 178119Z - 21.d 352.9 203 6520 1.3 5150 6.93 1198.9 4888 491 0.65 3.22 7.2 16.00 465 1564 1.70 12.65 1.92
178119 178119Z - 22.d 2130 6680 15210 1.7 4010 5.25 1161 5221 6900 245 189 11.9 1.46 348 2313 2.31 11.88 1.62
178119 178119Z - 23.d 379 209 2120 1.6 175 7.8 1178 3610 1054 3.9 7.4 33 1.65 790 2430 1.23 10.68 1.35
178119 178119Z - 24.d 357 185 2750 1.3 1570 6.9 1536 5025 350 0.81 3.46 6.6 4.25 580 1178 1.74 12.09 1.38
178119 178119Z - 25.d 1630 372 4350 1.6 1000 7.35 1007 5463 1523 2.34 2.06 7.6 0.30 185.3 5235 1.20 12.63 1.88
178119 178119Z - 26.d 360.7 450 17600 1.3 20800 9.84 1370 4604 585 1.25 5.46 9.3 3.61 692 1599 2.70 10.61 1.25
178119 178119Z - 27.d 572 587 9840 1.0 12100 6.8 1285 4431 3940 3.5 4.3 25.4 11.70 228 1963 1.82 12.42 1.64
178119 178119Z - 28.d 436 680 3590 1.1 370 5.63 982.2 3308 1710 3.36 8.2 9.7 0.99 183.5 1634 1.96 10.02 1.46
178119 178119Z - 29.d 384 195.4 2690 1.4 480 6.36 998 4106 729 0.375 2.28 7.9 2.82 343 2512 1.57 11.33 1.48
178119 178119Z - 30.d 419 127.9 2930 1.3 190 6.11 1411 4757 703 1.65 4.63 10.6 0.18 149 1226 1.90 11.29 1.29
178119 178119Z - 31.d 696 441 5240 1.4 1070 7.66 1114 4296 1145 7.3 23.2 6.9 3.30 336 1436 1.64 10.83 1.06
178119 178119Z - 32.d 1150 484 4920 1.7 1590 6.42 1186 3270 988 5.8 17.4 5.4 1.90 164.5 2007 1.58 11.59 0.95
178119 178119Z - 33.d 414 321 7120 1.7 6500 6.05 1100.8 3611 680 0.8 3.84 7.7 10.40 164.9 1489 1.22 11.8 1.35
178119 178119Z - 34.d 457 224 3560 2.9 165 43.1 1326 4366 671 0.65 7.2 6.8 158.00 5180 1241 1.81 11.67 1.78
178119 178119Z - 35.d 857 6360 59600 31.0 67100 15.3 2359 4160 11640 36.3 167 14 10.04 776 3680 0.91 7.41 1.83
178119 178119Z - 36.d 9100 1880 20800 1.2 5640 11.62 913.7 6180 3850 15.2 9.2 8.7 0.61 172.2 2713 1.26 10.99 1.44
178119 178119Z - 37.d 467 667 29500 3.5 38800 10.91 1388 2373 2310 3.25 12.1 7.2 5.11 780 1442 3.13 10.58 0.9
178119 178119Z - 38.d 416 104 3260 3.3 1520 8.8 1053 5516 442 1.13 6.2 7.2 6.80 1430 1667 1.62 10.79 1.72
178119 178119Z - 39.d 385.6 205.6 1250 1.4 205 4.93 939 5293 658 1.07 3.48 10.4 0.47 154.4 2453 1.62 11.05 1.53
178119 178119Z - 40.d 2610 990 7300 1.8 1640 5.38 815.6 4941 1780 12.1 12 6.4 1.06 163.2 2340 1.43 10.12 1.38
179449 179449 - 1.d 539 8380 62900 4.8 76500 71.1 543 82.8 38640 1.4 15.6 76.3 558.00 364 3007 0.43 193.2 2.77
179449 179449 - 2.d 958 6620 81300 2.5 89500 87.9 270.2 163.7 73900 2.86 67.7 137.6 356.00 16900 4205 0.65 105.7 0.93
179449 179449 - 3.d 377 1602 47200 1.4 69400 156.9 186.3 53.1 24510 0.65 3.75 9 103.40 64 3025 0.06 113.1 0.1
179449 179449 - 4.d 11980 28730 127800 1.9 154000 104.2 566 110.2 36600 11.1 4.54 152.2 234.00 1.84 3990 0.07 186.9 1.08
179449 179449 - 5.d 2070 20600 102200 4.9 192000 99 837 131.5 28600 2 5.5 73.9 348.00 51.3 3480 0.52 153.7 3
180067 180067Z - 1.d 396.4 70.4 1000 1.6 235 381.9 811.3 104.8 2319 0.36 3.29 7.1 0.06 1227.9 1396 8.07 275.6 0.57
180067 180067Z - 2.d 536 5530 7960 1.8 205 44.6 398.7 794.3 4620 2.53 3.8 74.5 10.67 1023 2553 55.80 300.5 9.38
180067 180067Z - 3.d 774 5530 23700 3.2 185 140.1 808.4 772 2620 7.1 24 40 20.80 1357 1190 45.90 207.1 10.09
180067 180067Z - 4.d 2570 4280 16790 4.0 175 284.3 367.9 203 4100 14.5 8 64.9 295.00 9900 1993 25.30 187.5 8.75
180067 180067Z - 5.d 7280 14510 51800 3.1 230 152.6 432 183.8 7230 14.4 16.8 103 39.10 1900 2169 21.30 127.9 7.34
180067 180067Z - 6.d 2220 23700 35100 2.1 205 173 455.7 222.8 3220 11.8 4.55 51.7 95.10 3370 2035 12.37 181.1 5.16
180067 180067Z - 7.d 394 221 1500 2.9 145 113.7 764.3 768.1 3100 1.04 2.69 9.5 0.78 885 2142 15.28 217.7 9.04
180067 180067Z - 8.d 1479 23510 68800 3.7 620 238.5 377.8 299.3 2663 9.8 19.4 27.4 119.60 10490 1368 44.50 151 6.34
180067 180067Z - 9.d 436 346 4760 3.6 185 113.8 291.7 1577 2454 1.84 8.4 8.6 48.00 2990 4251 21.50 354.6 6.16
180067 180067Z - 10.d 482 3670 14730 1.5 140 159.5 354.9 708 1522 4.03 11.2 21.7 90.20 3830 1380 9.66 157.9 6.52
180067 180067Z - 11.d 1250 13370 23440 1.6 195 109.5 264.2 220.2 2450 2.01 7.5 17.5 93.50 3520 2355 22.30 213.1 8.48
180067 180067Z - 12.d 420.9 1600 11280 2.5 160 161.5 975 335.1 1876 1.16 6.44 10.4 141.00 936 2013 52.60 119.5 3.17
180067 180067Z - 13.d 4070 14560 37100 5.7 4270 133.2 1940 904 2960 6.1 36 40.3 2.60 547.7 2310 24.00 115.7 5.77
180067 180067Z - 14.d 429.8 3770 3760 3.5 195 147.3 432.8 93.5 2621 0.65 7.9 9.4 0.28 1732 2650 55.10 165.6 1.08
180067 180067Z - 15.d 424.4 478 2070 1.5 2400 177 1951 272.1 1417 1.45 3.43 6.4 17.05 494.8 2944 0.22 121 2.93
180067 180067Z - 16.d 1600 7270 16600 4.0 190 89.8 305.6 559.6 3960 9.5 30.8 53.4 82.90 3280 2214 24.50 385.3 15.64318 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 72 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
178119 178119Z - 17.d
178119 178119Z - 18.d
178119 178119Z - 19.d
178119 178119Z - 20.d
178119 178119Z - 21.d
178119 178119Z - 22.d
178119 178119Z - 23.d
178119 178119Z - 24.d
178119 178119Z - 25.d
178119 178119Z - 26.d
178119 178119Z - 27.d
178119 178119Z - 28.d
178119 178119Z - 29.d
178119 178119Z - 30.d
178119 178119Z - 31.d
178119 178119Z - 32.d
178119 178119Z - 33.d
178119 178119Z - 34.d
178119 178119Z - 35.d
178119 178119Z - 36.d
178119 178119Z - 37.d
178119 178119Z - 38.d
178119 178119Z - 39.d
178119 178119Z - 40.d
179449 179449 - 1.d
179449 179449 - 2.d
179449 179449 - 3.d
179449 179449 - 4.d
179449 179449 - 5.d
180067 180067Z - 1.d
180067 180067Z - 2.d
180067 180067Z - 3.d
180067 180067Z - 4.d
180067 180067Z - 5.d
180067 180067Z - 6.d
180067 180067Z - 7.d
180067 180067Z - 8.d
180067 180067Z - 9.d
180067 180067Z - 10.d
180067 180067Z - 11.d
180067 180067Z - 12.d
180067 180067Z - 13.d
180067 180067Z - 14.d
180067 180067Z - 15.d
180067 180067Z - 16.dHf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
10.33 51.63 454.1 1.45 22.68 5.68 0.89 0.00 0.74 9.8 4 5 dolerite Yilgarn
11.1 44.47 407.5 1.55 25.8 6.46 0.73 0.00 1.88 11.3 4 5 dolerite Yilgarn
23.6 36.39 235 2.35 19.4 4.44 0.511 0.01 1.40 9.0 4 5 dolerite Yilgarn
30.8 20.33 223.6 1.7 15.3 3.89 1.19 0.00 0.76 6.8 4 5 dolerite Yilgarn
16 36.67 445.2 2.75 25.3 5.94 0.233 0.00 0.67 11.3 4 5 dolerite Yilgarn
14.2 37.98 642.6 7.9 35.2 18.1 15.3 0.03 1.12 9.4 4 5 dolerite Yilgarn
24 52.73 462.1 1.45 27.1 7.34 2 0.01 1.55 10.9 4 5 dolerite Yilgarn
19.3 28.14 392.5 2.6 21.41 4.91 0.311 0.01 0.48 9.6 4 5 dolerite Yilgarn
10.99 319.8 312.6 1.4 14.22 3.1 0.113 0.01 0.05 6.4 4 5 dolerite Yilgarn
25.1 50.82 363.3 2.55 20.09 4.67 1.41 0.00 0.40 8.6 4 5 dolerite Yilgarn
9.64 32.03 481 1.7 28.2 7.48 1.3 0.01 0.97 12.8 4 5 dolerite Yilgarn
8.74 33.74 291.4 1.8 18.72 4.75 1.65 0.01 1.63 8.2 4 5 dolerite Yilgarn
11.9 53.66 398.4 1.05 20.49 4.64 0.622 0.00 1.80 9.7 4 5 dolerite Yilgarn
7.65 20.15 367.2 2.4 21.92 5.59 1.02 0.00 0.65 9.5 4 5 dolerite Yilgarn
13.69 36.14 332 1.4 18.81 4.94 1.37 0.00 0.55 8.1 4 5 dolerite Yilgarn
8.69 51.79 488.4 1.85 18.56 4.86 1.26 0.00 0.44 8.0 4 5 dolerite Yilgarn
9.67 43.28 354.2 2.3 19.64 4.78 0.56 0.00 0.51 9.0 4 5 dolerite Yilgarn
197 29.86 408.6 1.4 34.3 8.36 0.72 0.02 60.00 36.1 4 5 dolerite Yilgarn
21.6 162 1564 8.3 52.8 22.7 30.4 0.03 2.82 14.5 4 5 dolerite Yilgarn
9.26 83.4 366.7 2.2 17.22 4.47 0.636 0.00 0.32 7.4 4 5 dolerite Yilgarn
23.8 46.25 302 2.5 26.6 6.49 1.64 0.00 2.65 12.5 4 5 dolerite Yilgarn
46.6 35.06 446.9 2 33 7.54 1.067 0.00 0.96 14.8 4 5 dolerite Yilgarn
7.69 38.85 495 1.35 22.04 6.22 3.23 0.00 0.60 8.5 4 5 dolerite Yilgarn
8.31 62.5 623.1 2 25.72 6.11 0.914 0.01 2.11 11.8 4 5 dolerite Yilgarn
11.23 208.2 178 101.3 301 187 350 0.04 72.40 67.4 1 3 monzogranite Yilgarn
636 296.4 1428 423 1663 813 2078 0.12 488.00 371.0 6 4 monzogranite Yilgarn
3.4 234 24.3 7.3 19.99 11.12 12.32 0.00 0.27 5.8 1 3 monzogranite Yilgarn
0.114 250.6 30.3 22.8 50 33.2 47.4 0.02 3.38 3.3 1 3 monzogranite Yilgarn
3.78 232.3 61.6 41.5 125.2 76.1 97.5 0.04 8.88 10.9 1 3 monzogranite Yilgarn
64.8 63.11 57.9 1.35 13.65 1.93 0.035 0.00 0.01 9.7 6 4 microgranite Pilbara
54.3 212.8 336 2.3 92.8 15.79 7.14 0.07 24.91 64.5 6 4 microgranite Pilbara
41.7 24.71 159.6 4.6 46.6 9.7 5.32 0.06 6.55 43.7 6 4 microgranite Pilbara
139.5 72.2 346.3 6.6 97.7 21.49 11.16 0.05 18.30 64.5 6 4 microgranite Pilbara
51.8 100.3 218.6 1.8 76.9 15.14 7.14 0.02 10.42 48.4 6 4 microgranite Pilbara
49.4 52.03 124.5 2.8 78.9 15.22 6.81 0.02 12.70 51.1 6 4 microgranite Pilbara
48.5 232.6 626 1.55 90 12.06 1.35 0.00 2.74 66.6 6 4 microgranite Pilbara
175.8 66.25 251.7 9.6 90.6 26.5 15.29 0.03 12.90 49.1 6 4 microgranite Pilbara
118.4 461.7 181.8 1.8 120 17.22 2.09 0.02 7.04 80.8 7 5 microgranite Pilbara
119.2 37.5 166.3 1.9 74.2 13.83 4.69 0.02 8.10 56.1 6 4 microgranite Pilbara
75.2 70.79 363 1.75 67 14.08 5.23 0.03 6.32 42.3 6 4 microgranite Pilbara
37.16 49.28 100.8 7.2 33.1 13.9 40 0.01 217.00 18.8 6 4 microgranite Pilbara
24.17 70.93 260.9 3.35 39.8 6.94 2.48 0.01 2.40 22.8 6 4 microgranite Pilbara
90.9 186.3 130.8 1.95 16.75 2.9 0.76 0.00 0.13 9.6 6 4 microgranite Pilbara
29.5 99.1 1373 1.4 25.2 4.01 13.74 0.02 66.50 16.8 4 3 microgranite Pilbara
85 73.79 418 2.05 103.8 16.43 22.1 0.06 42.70 64.7 6 4 microgranite PilbaraAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 319Appendix C Table 1 Page 73 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
180067 180067Z - 17.d 11170 75700 145000 10.2 1570 378.2 364.5 838 23900 50.3 145.7 171 431.00 10880 1728 12.70 375.4 13.77
180067 180067Z - 18.d 1310 13900 268000 2.7 435 204.1 271.9 178.1 2880 15.3 42.9 55.4 111.00 4670 1776 19.00 289.2 6.44
180067 180067Z - 19.d 435.7 790 2840 2.0 150 166.7 1291 1541 1644 0.75 2.64 7.8 2.81 856.9 2187 44.80 92.8 2.23
180067 180067Z - 20.d 3880 56700 77300 2.3 260 109.1 536.9 224.3 4610 16.1 21.8 49.7 8.90 904.5 2726 19.80 217.2 5.14
180067 180067Z - 21.d 17400 36300 67300 2.4 205 126.3 1842 508.7 11400 28.7 14.3 660 19.40 1130 1966 14.10 74.7 5.71
180067 180067Z - 22.d 561 1810 9470 3.2 32100 104.9 436.4 563.5 2260 3.02 27.5 21 192.00 3040 2078 15.66 215.5 7.43
198212 198212M - 1.d 509 910 3970 1.9 1700 10.52 398.8 78.1 4330 2.1 20.4 21 0.30 50.42 2218 4.50 560 12.72
198212 198212M - 2.d 414 41.1 1050 0.8 1080 9.71 450 99.9 3828 0.7 5.65 6.6 2.92 91 2371 3.56 844 13.62
198212 198212M - 3.d 820 451 3550 2.0 250 20 437.8 38.8 5035 0.75 5.53 16.8 2.79 70.58 4132 6.19 951 18.85
198212 198212M - 4.d 421 61 2360 38.1 7900 11.35 462.6 46.4 3636 1.1 4.3 8.2 27.90 56.7 2375 4.42 933 13.73
198212 198212M - 5.d 403.4 53.2 2180 2.7 210 7.57 460.4 48.5 4150 0.55 2.05 7.8 0.37 49.47 2290 4.84 329.5 11.35
198212 198212M - 6.d 414 82 900 1.3 3700 6.45 312 29.2 3430 0.94 8.4 11.1 14.30 56.73 1320 4.22 526 11.12
198212 198212M - 7.d 432 14120 40500 1.3 140700 11.81 426.5 57.9 4880 0.75 4.69 12.1 284.00 209 4532 4.50 717 17.32
198212 198212M - 8.d 405 126.3 4750 1.4 1880 11.7 371.9 46.7 5110 0.7 3.91 12.7 0.94 71 3865 5.04 690 13.45
198212 198212M - 9.d 375.2 16 850 1.4 190 27.8 479.9 63.3 3510 0.6 2.6 6.06 8.49 44.83 1711 1.67 589 4.44
198212 198212M - 10.d 369.9 66 1870 2.1 150 15.84 393.7 114.4 3910 0.74 5.5 7.9 0.19 30.92 2016 3.36 319.6 12.48
198212 198212M - 11.d 618 4760 39100 1.2 62600 6.9 412.9 29.1 7450 0.59 11.5 48.9 37.00 636 1527 0.99 224.2 6.08
198212 198212M - 12.d 371.6 39.2 2100 2.4 150 11.28 426.5 67.6 3606 0.43 3.34 7.1 0.47 45.28 1612 3.31 444.5 14.63
198212 198212M - 13.d 538 1240 6050 1.5 50000 10.9 429 47.9 4140 1.56 31.9 19.5 99.00 695 1275 1.54 192.4 6.76
198212 198212M - 14.d 6680 8000 19400 1.6 1270 38.9 458.6 52.8 23700 4.24 220 319 109.90 5420 2600 2.63 417.3 5.75
198212 198212M - 15.d 3080 9900 24000 3.4 1620 8.89 421 34.4 12600 2.96 73 71 1.54 184 1622 2.26 411.9 10.31
198212 198212M - 16.d 453 97 1590 3.8 185 8.39 515.1 72.2 3370 1.01 5.45 9 0.32 36.42 1823 1.82 81.5 6.53
198212 198212M - 17.d 479 104.7 550 3.2 130 31.5 385.7 89 11800 0.7 6.08 22 1.20 51.1 3249 4.62 1072 15.39
198212 198212M - 18.d 466 146 1900 1.5 175 12.43 511.2 54.1 4010 0.44 6.7 9.4 0.46 33.75 1433 1.12 136.3 3.61
198212 198212M - 19.d 497 194 3980 3.9 301000 13.4 328.4 49.5 5120 1.68 16.1 11 840.00 510 3360 1.41 594 5.74
198212 198212M - 20.d 1610 2100 5560 1.5 580 9.8 531.8 31.8 5830 0.37 21.9 53.3 9.05 662 1681 3.12 188.1 9.32
112175 112175 - 1.d 175 301 3150 22.0 600 192 722 200.4 4050 1.1 26 8.1 3.39 356 137.3 22.30 10.4 0.96
112175 112175 - 2.d 133 52.6 4300 6.0 800 131.8 656 18.7 4030 0.295 2.49 6.4 1.92 257.1 360.6 17.10 22.3 0.35
112175 112175 - 3.d 1240 1860 6000 21.0 10400 12.5 694 346 7690 4.1 26.4 16 57.50 176.8 1237 3.64 117.6 22.4
112175 112175 - 4.d 498 647 6000 5.0 7200 29.4 727 686 9800 1.1 47.1 9.6 382.00 980 986 10.60 92.4 16.7
112175 112175 - 5.d 397 769 3900 17.0 1050 21.7 689 490 6020 1.55 19 13.7 108.70 1680 1182 10.10 105.1 20.2
112175 112175 - 6.d 8410 13000 11000 25.0 7300 12.8 750 863 22900 34.2 43.4 26.7 39.20 217.5 1262 12.10 93.6 19.9
112175 112175 - 7.d 1180 1920 5000 9.0 1350 20.2 736 356 5910 5.2 223 9.1 42.10 249.5 1207 7.50 80 16.7
112175 112175 - 8.d 6650 11000 4550 9.0 700 88 771 10.5 17200 17.3 28.8 29.3 16.40 315.3 147.1 7.30 11.9 1.46
112175 112175 - 9.d 330 480 6000 21.0 850 69 726 1048 3950 2.06 10.1 7 9.97 1012 314.5 7.10 5.92 1.8
112175 112175 - 10.d 175 271 4200 16.0 1600 69.6 731 967 3660 0.6 13.4 7.7 16.30 799 1077 12.50 4.57 0.83
112175 112175 - 11.d 182 208 4900 18.0 5030 204.7 787 40.4 6880 1 22.8 8 14.97 354.5 292 14.80 56 6.73
112175 112175 - 12.d 150 357 5500 18.2 900 26.7 718 71.4 5280 0.9 2120 7.9 133.10 1053 1210 3.00 134.1 30.1
112175 112175 - 13.d 1000 1360 4600 16.0 1000 37.1 696 79.3 5130 4.1 31.7 15.6 46.90 107.5 926 5.90 84.4 18
112175 112175 - 14.d 400 470 6900 12.0 750 85.5 688.9 1173 5270 0.7 37.9 7.9 4.33 868 332.5 12.00 36.4 2.08
112175 112175 - 15.d 1370 2890 4550 13.0 1050 82.7 739 654 8100 4.2 17.6 16.1 9.30 484 1047 16.10 61.5 2.05
112175 112175 - 16.d 200 138 4250 13.0 22300 68.6 762.7 21.2 4100 0.95 103 7.7 51.80 786 780 10.20 21.2 3.01
112175 112175 - 17.d 151 610 6000 13.0 1100 25.9 734 301 3220 0.45 10 4.8 19.70 670 322 2.24 35.1 4.68
112175 112175 - 18.d 142.9 53 3450 15.0 800 314.6 558.6 15.4 4200 0.9 0.95 5 0.08 322.4 154.4 18.30 6.57 0.14
112175 112175 - 19.d 200 190 4400 16.7 1570 18 745 102.2 12700 0.85 24400 7.8 53.40 900 1665 3.46 95.2 26.4320 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 74 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
180067 180067Z - 17.d
180067 180067Z - 18.d
180067 180067Z - 19.d
180067 180067Z - 20.d
180067 180067Z - 21.d
180067 180067Z - 22.d
198212 198212M - 1.d
198212 198212M - 2.d
198212 198212M - 3.d
198212 198212M - 4.d
198212 198212M - 5.d
198212 198212M - 6.d
198212 198212M - 7.d
198212 198212M - 8.d
198212 198212M - 9.d
198212 198212M - 10.d
198212 198212M - 11.d
198212 198212M - 12.d
198212 198212M - 13.d
198212 198212M - 14.d
198212 198212M - 15.d
198212 198212M - 16.d
198212 198212M - 17.d
198212 198212M - 18.d
198212 198212M - 19.d
198212 198212M - 20.d
112175 112175 - 1.d
112175 112175 - 2.d
112175 112175 - 3.d
112175 112175 - 4.d
112175 112175 - 5.d
112175 112175 - 6.d
112175 112175 - 7.d
112175 112175 - 8.d
112175 112175 - 9.d
112175 112175 - 10.d
112175 112175 - 11.d
112175 112175 - 12.d
112175 112175 - 13.d
112175 112175 - 14.d
112175 112175 - 15.d
112175 112175 - 16.d
112175 112175 - 17.d
112175 112175 - 18.d
112175 112175 - 19.dHf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
230 43.04 1570 12 162 36.5 26.63 0.14 62.30 111.6 6 4 microgranite Pilbara
93.5 59.9 322.8 3.7 81 14.65 5.18 0.05 11.24 55.6 6 4 microgranite Pilbara
39.38 51.35 136.5 34.7 49.1 48.8 46.1 0.00 1.93 11.6 6 4 microgranite Pilbara
34.6 105.2 310.2 3.65 45 7.4 4.31 0.03 10.34 24.5 6 4 microgranite Pilbara
32.9 52.99 236.1 5.9 38.6 5.55 1.42 0.02 4.20 34.8 6 4 microgranite Pilbara
55.8 45 316.6 2.3 89.2 18.05 18 0.08 48.60 94.6 6 4 microgranite Pilbara
2.1 61.74 46.6 6.7 33.1 13.8 17.2 0.01 3.16 6.7 1 3 monzogranite Youanmi
3.4 50.92 28.8 2.1 20.2 6.93 10.2 0.02 12.14 7.0 1 3 monzogranite Youanmi
3.23 98.3 170.5 1.8 21.9 7.49 14.33 0.02 29.50 6.7 1 3 monzogranite Youanmi
2.23 87 19.8 2340 21300 7700 30100 1.71 7.08 7.9 1 3 monzogranite Youanmi
2.39 81 10.2 1.15 8.41 2.47 2.43 0.01 3.55 2.9 1 3 monzogranite Youanmi
2.04 48.15 19.1 1.7 27.37 9.63 16.9 0.02 19.80 6.3 1 3 monzogranite Youanmi
7.35 103.5 170.9 17.2 105.8 46.9 130.2 0.19 35.30 11.7 1 3 monzogranite Youanmi
3.6 113.4 55 4.5 24.2 10.64 28.3 0.01 7.70 3.5 1 3 monzogranite Youanmi
1.23 40.39 8.54 2.05 3.1 1.05 14.1 0.02 42.90 1.2 1 3 monzogranite Youanmi
1.04 56.92 5.07 1.6 6.5 2.04 0.91 0.01 0.80 2.7 1 3 monzogranite Youanmi
16.3 41.9 72.7 24.7 109.4 51.7 78.1 0.03 116.20 44.7 1 4 monzogranite Youanmi
1.64 52.91 29.9 3.8 21.44 7.24 7.87 0.01 3.93 7.4 1 3 monzogranite Youanmi
16.2 43.66 44.3 25.3 138 63.4 145 0.05 71.30 44.0 1 4 monzogranite Youanmi
198 55.94 568 193 912 442 799 0.22 865.00 365.0 6 4 monzogranite Youanmi
6.63 45.61 99 12.6 70.1 29.4 44.1 0.02 13.80 13.8 1 3 monzogranite Youanmi
1.26 66.06 29.9 4.5 30 11.2 14.6 0.01 3.56 6.6 1 3 monzogranite Youanmi
2.1 257.4 18.34 3.8 10.3 4.55 6.49 0.04 5.75 2.8 1 3 monzogranite Youanmi
0.8 45.7 17.3 1.4 11.87 3.65 3.02 0.01 3.16 4.5 1 3 monzogranite Youanmi
11.4 64 94 8.5 36.8 16.5 29.6 0.43 68.90 40.0 1 4 monzogranite Youanmi
18.6 52.32 24.7 14.7 76.8 35.8 56.2 0.02 105.10 45.6 1 4 monzogranite Youanmi
10.46 6.62 342 19.5 29.8 29.8 28.3 0.05 2.67 1.1 6 1 volcaniclastic Eastern Goldfields
10.4 6.05 317 22.5 7.62 7.16 5.48 0.01 0.06 1.1 6 1 volcaniclastic Eastern Goldfields
6.2 61.5 210 114 198.8 93.6 93.7 0.06 60.80 38.8 4 4 volcaniclastic Eastern Goldfields
26.7 34.8 1280 126 148.3 70.5 70.4 0.09 63.10 34.6 4 4 volcaniclastic Eastern Goldfields
47.3 47.5 225.6 126 216.7 106.8 101.9 0.12 58.30 44.9 6 4 volcaniclastic Eastern Goldfields
7.1 47.8 797 114 164.7 77 72.2 0.35 29.10 29.9 4 4 volcaniclastic Eastern Goldfields
8.12 42.8 570 97 169.1 87.2 84.6 1.96 34.50 29.0 4 4 volcaniclastic Eastern Goldfields
10.6 7.18 670 63 35.4 34 30.7 0.02 2.79 2.4 6 1 volcaniclastic Eastern Goldfields
30.1 16.49 251 106 49.7 44.4 41.9 0.05 0.27 2.3 6 1 volcaniclastic Eastern Goldfields
21.1 43.3 5500 34.5 35.6 34.6 32.4 0.08 5.52 2.3 1 1 volcaniclastic Eastern Goldfields
10.4 9.05 372 32.5 37 29.8 29.2 0.08 4.24 3.4 6 1 volcaniclastic Eastern Goldfields
27.7 57.4 311 119 117.4 66.1 95.3 0.53 97.00 18.2 1 4 volcaniclastic Eastern Goldfields
3.8 27.3 391 199 180.2 95.1 99.2 0.17 51.90 28.8 4 4 volcaniclastic Eastern Goldfields
26.6 17.39 207.1 39.5 27.8 21.7 20.2 0.05 1.89 3.3 6 1 volcaniclastic Eastern Goldfields
20 31.82 289.1 133 42.9 41.4 39.6 0.02 1.84 2.7 6 1 volcaniclastic Eastern Goldfields
22.9 31.4 252.2 43.5 42.7 28 28.5 0.50 8.52 5.5 6 4 volcaniclastic Eastern Goldfields
18.5 33.72 98 40 33.3 26.8 27.5 0.02 3.69 2.7 6 4 volcaniclastic Eastern Goldfields
9.59 7.37 361 28.5 4.29 4.16 3.72 0.02 0.05 0.5 6 1 volcaniclastic Eastern Goldfields
22.6 33.1 392 330 145 95.1 96.5 3.51 17.30 18.4 1 4 volcaniclastic Eastern GoldfieldsAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 321Appendix C Table 1 Page 75 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
112175 112175 - 20.d 414 780 4400 19.0 2930 26 753 359.6 5100 2.18 63 16.6 72.10 74.7 1262 2.68 129.3 27.5
112175 112175 - 21.d 151 90 6000 12.0 1200 48.7 760 172.8 4340 0.95 5.7 6.9 8.20 1839 1519 7.00 20.8 1.92
112175 112175 - 22.d 143 80 7000 17.0 7600 134.1 486 550 4000 2.8 17.4 16.4 5.80 559 696 16.50 37.6 1.09
112175 112175 - 23.d 970 2070 21900 21.0 1300 14.2 757 1193 4610 3 34 7 99.50 546 954 2.57 94.5 19.9
112175 112175 - 24.d 142 123 3000 8.5 650 117 739 674 3630 0.55 5.4 7.6 3.76 538.6 755 19.00 12.4 1.55
127238 127238 - 1.d 1040 226 4400 29.0 850 197.1 680 42 1850 1 1.4 6.5 1.50 234.8 866 0.14 4 9.58
127238 127238 - 2.d 120.5 47.1 7000 35.0 1000 142.8 827 85.3 261 0.8 4.5 7 0.08 218.3 498 0.33 3.2 0.205
127238 127238 - 3.d 5090 4970 30400 50.0 1400 459 3034 58.3 14830 12.1 41.7 23.6 882.00 182.8 1152 0.47 42.7 23
127238 127238 - 4.d 3700 3760 7600 31.0 850 211.2 3915 1375 1580 4.4 9.6 18 14.88 343 845 5.50 15.2 1.76
127238 127238 - 5.d 11650 10230 11800 38.0 750 163.8 3042 748 4470 18.7 4.3 18.2 38.00 351 936 43.90 16.8 3.02
127238 127238 - 6.d 122.1 10 6300 23.0 700 382 99.9 7.5 260 0.395 1.1 5.9 0.18 36.2 1616 0.17 1.86 0.2
127238 127238 - 7.d 27600 20000 21400 37.5 1000 255.9 2449 1868 9000 30.7 5 15.6 48.80 162 972 2.92 7.59 3.84
127238 127238 - 8.d 311 900 4800 37.5 850 883 126.8 8 298 0.65 1.1 8.7 0.28 88.3 1182 0.03 2.33 0.45
127238 127238 - 9.d 47700 36600 57600 85.0 6200 517 2559 1966 18000 70.8 22.2 33.5 66.50 141.7 713 11.00 14.8 6.82
127238 127238 - 10.d 31400 23200 42000 65.0 950 481 2555 2334 11500 69 26.7 37.9 161.50 1203 825 10.00 16.6 10.15
127238 127238 - 11.d 37500 28800 28000 65.0 900 563 2632 1905 13100 62.8 23.2 21.1 77.20 93.4 691 9.80 12.8 7.8
127238 127238 - 12.d 3700 4030 13200 60.0 600 373.7 4022 930 1510 7.2 3.2 10.4 12.36 275 933 5.80 9.4 1.42
127238 127238 - 13.d 7400 5200 4000 55.0 750 248 4133 1236 2700 12 5.34 16.7 35.60 72.6 931 8.00 24.8 2.7
127238 127238 - 14.d 21300 20800 36500 49.0 850 475 2902 1930 7680 27.2 15.9 15.8 48.40 222 873 7.70 15.3 8.8
127238 127238 - 15.d 27700 22700 42400 125.0 1930 473 3071 1638 10810 48.2 10.7 31.1 85.30 353 835 7.70 15.8 7.32
127238 127238 - 16.d 32000 24000 31600 160.0 750 473 2948 2365 11700 64 11.8 31.9 67.80 347 653 13.20 13.4 5.74
127238 127238 - 17.d 24900 19900 29800 180.0 1100 479 2814 3434 10650 80.2 11.1 20.5 101.50 249 711 31.10 19.6 13.1
127238 127238 - 18.d 17200 13200 20100 230.0 900 508 3058 2283 6460 44.1 5.9 22.3 87.80 291.3 964 29.30 22.8 6.7
127238 127238 - 19.d 40700 26700 47800 420.0 950 371 2447 3112 14700 90 169 36 42.20 293 689 20.00 37.5 6.64
127238 127238 - 20.d 34200 25800 20700 490.0 950 718 2626 2245 12610 57.4 22.9 29.3 76.10 158.6 923 12.40 19.3 12.5
127238 127238 - 21.d 128.2 11.5 7900 60.0 850 325.5 62 8.5 242 0.85 2.29 6.8 0.09 40.4 1298 0.42 1.47 0.39
127238 127238 - 22.d 10120 11560 25100 660.0 1600 339 3306 1214 4190 19.9 14.8 15 53.30 221 921 8.90 14.1 7.69
127238 127238 - 23.d 32900 28100 110300 220.0 12100 628 3205 2375 12700 94 35.3 28.1 112.40 187 697 17.90 22 11.6
127238 127238 - 24.d 27600 31800 84100 190.0 1250 584 2417 2264 15300 66.3 42 25.5 171.30 1384 672 14.30 20 11.4
127238 127238 - 25.d 7100 7000 44400 120.0 800 364 3020 2556 3220 12.5 13.3 13.9 75.30 374 810 25.20 33.1 4
127238 127238 - 26.d 18600 14300 31300 130.0 950 260 2925 915 6500 34.8 35 12.8 36.90 63.3 1016 2.77 10.1 4.92
127238 127238 - 27.d 135 11.5 6000 72.0 1000 265.8 583 169.1 678 0.9 1.73 7.9 0.97 441.7 1832 0.30 15.4 0.415
127238 127238 - 28.d 33100 25100 30600 98.0 950 438 2627 1996 11490 65.3 7.3 25.1 75.40 221.7 830 7.40 15.4 9.44
127238 127238 - 29.d 5000 6960 5500 73.0 1050 462 1878 2010 2220 7.4 4.5 10.6 75.70 175.9 768 6.30 10.6 2.8
127238 127238 - 30.d 2260 6900 30700 66.0 2940 705 3534 1920 6300 10.3 21.2 13.8 245.00 1010 737 27.30 20.8 14
127238 127238 - 31.d 13530 9700 91000 72.0 900 534 2757 1384 5220 29.3 14.8 17.3 61.70 129 690 9.00 15.3 6.08
127238 127238 - 32.d 35500 27100 36100 52.0 1050 433 2650 3980 12930 71.2 40.2 45.7 59.20 335 1950 48.90 23.6 8.9
127238 127238 - 33.d 50800 39100 56100 52.0 1600 676 2945 2598 21000 118 22.1 43.8 107.00 594 640 10.80 16.6 7.51
127238 127238 - 34.d 17600 13640 7500 47.0 1000 524 2644 2447 6880 32.6 9.7 14.8 76.30 133.3 745 15.40 18.2 4.54
127238 127238 - 35.d 36800 27400 31900 18.0 1300 701 2415 2424 12200 61 15.1 27 55.40 71.9 623 3.80 13.5 5.07
127238 127238 - 36.d 161 44 6000 24.0 3300 104.7 336.7 37.9 688 0.285 1.6 5.9 117.00 232.8 2203 0.36 12.6 5.75
127238 127238 - 37.d 20000 17600 64000 32.0 900 520 3246 2180 7930 52.2 5.8 16.1 52.20 284 1777 19.60 16.5 3.37
N17-08 N17-08.B1 - 1.d 64.4 212 900 1.5 130 4.33 921 103.1 2710 0.385 1.42 2.57 0.02 251.5 828 7.30 142 1.78
N17-08 N17-08.B2 - 1.d 66.3 42.5 1500 2.2 170 3.21 679 302.2 1932 0.8 1.66 3.04 0.02 229.2 554.1 7.10 147.1 2.25
N17-08 N17-08.B3 - 1.d 67.1 100.7 1400 1.6 125 4.54 891 111.6 2424 0.15 1.34 3.41 0.08 365.2 778 7.00 125.1 1.87322 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 76 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
112175 112175 - 20.d
112175 112175 - 21.d
112175 112175 - 22.d
112175 112175 - 23.d
112175 112175 - 24.d
127238 127238 - 1.d
127238 127238 - 2.d
127238 127238 - 3.d
127238 127238 - 4.d
127238 127238 - 5.d
127238 127238 - 6.d
127238 127238 - 7.d
127238 127238 - 8.d
127238 127238 - 9.d
127238 127238 - 10.d
127238 127238 - 11.d
127238 127238 - 12.d
127238 127238 - 13.d
127238 127238 - 14.d
127238 127238 - 15.d
127238 127238 - 16.d
127238 127238 - 17.d
127238 127238 - 18.d
127238 127238 - 19.d
127238 127238 - 20.d
127238 127238 - 21.d
127238 127238 - 22.d
127238 127238 - 23.d
127238 127238 - 24.d
127238 127238 - 25.d
127238 127238 - 26.d
127238 127238 - 27.d
127238 127238 - 28.d
127238 127238 - 29.d
127238 127238 - 30.d
127238 127238 - 31.d
127238 127238 - 32.d
127238 127238 - 33.d
127238 127238 - 34.d
127238 127238 - 35.d
127238 127238 - 36.d
127238 127238 - 37.d
N17-08 N17-08.B1 - 1.d
N17-08 N17-08.B2 - 1.d
N17-08 N17-08.B3 - 1.dHf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
3.6 44.6 494 343 211.3 123.5 131.2 0.06 92.70 35.8 4 4 volcaniclastic Eastern Goldfields
51.7 47.2 186 90 40 24.4 18.7 0.02 1.57 7.3 6 4 volcaniclastic Eastern Goldfields
13.8 30.9 346 43 13.7 10.7 10.3 0.04 0.65 0.8 6 1 volcaniclastic Eastern Goldfields
18.6 33.1 1170 290 125.4 81.1 81.7 0.02 20.20 15.9 4 4 volcaniclastic Eastern Goldfields
11.32 37.97 46.6 75 24.9 21.5 20.7 0.07 2.48 2.6 6 1 volcaniclastic Eastern Goldfields
11.6 38.6 605 14 3.37 3.91 3.48 0.03 0.05 0.0 3 3 felsic tuff Anaconda, Eastern Goldfields
8.04 23.82 928 15.5 0.41 0.415 0.195 0.05 0.06 0.0 1 3 felsic tuff Anaconda, Eastern Goldfields
8.09 43.5 16800 16 134 69.3 68.8 0.07 8.94 8.3 2 3 felsic tuff Anaconda, Eastern Goldfields
13.34 35.4 146.7 12.5 29.9 7.86 5.37 0.07 8.39 7.6 4 5 felsic tuff Anaconda, Eastern Goldfields
10.32 40.8 219 23.5 50.8 14.1 12.98 0.03 27.50 16.4 4 5 felsic tuff Anaconda, Eastern Goldfields
2.23 148.9 5.76 12 0.285 0.32 0.16 0.03 0.03 0.0 1 3 felsic tuff Anaconda, Eastern Goldfields
5.19 38.36 186.3 12 41.6 13.2 15.35 0.09 21.02 9.7 4 5 felsic tuff Anaconda, Eastern Goldfields
4.7 46 48 14.5 0.33 0.4 0.165 0.03 0.05 0.0 3 3 felsic tuff Anaconda, Eastern Goldfields
5.19 34.9 308 15.5 77.2 19.4 23.6 0.08 27.60 16.1 4 5 felsic tuff Anaconda, Eastern Goldfields
31.9 33.9 213.5 25 103.7 26.1 34.1 0.05 54.50 20.1 4 5 felsic tuff Anaconda, Eastern Goldfields
4.01 33.4 271 15 79 22.5 27 0.04 27.51 13.5 4 5 felsic tuff Anaconda, Eastern Goldfields
9.1 36.8 96.3 12.5 11.5 3.57 3.65 0.04 4.48 2.9 4 5 felsic tuff Anaconda, Eastern Goldfields
8.02 23.5 157 16 33.3 9.4 10.48 0.02 15.60 9.2 4 5 felsic tuff Anaconda, Eastern Goldfields
8.7 32.9 274 15.5 58.1 15.5 17.4 0.05 21.50 12.9 4 5 felsic tuff Anaconda, Eastern Goldfields
10.8 35.1 344 20.5 54.9 16.7 32.1 0.02 57.90 12.4 4 5 felsic tuff Anaconda, Eastern Goldfields
8.4 29.9 198 26.5 67.3 19.6 17.5 0.04 23.03 14.9 4 5 felsic tuff Anaconda, Eastern Goldfields
13 30.7 300 15 142.4 35.5 45.5 0.03 63.00 30.2 4 5 felsic tuff Anaconda, Eastern Goldfields
15.8 37.65 277 16 122.6 33.4 37.9 0.02 59.20 29.4 4 5 felsic tuff Anaconda, Eastern Goldfields
11.6 29.5 511 22 94.8 27.6 23.8 0.06 18.79 18.6 4 5 felsic tuff Anaconda, Eastern Goldfields
9.6 47.8 215.8 20.5 81.7 23.8 26.4 0.02 30.29 15.8 4 5 felsic tuff Anaconda, Eastern Goldfields
2.87 59.7 5.61 18.5 0.26 0.41 0.165 0.03 0.06 0.1 1 3 felsic tuff Anaconda, Eastern Goldfields
7.6 37.8 340 24 49 14.1 17.8 0.02 27.10 10.2 4 5 felsic tuff Anaconda, Eastern Goldfields
12.1 33.3 278 18 121.7 31.3 38.5 0.03 57.80 25.0 4 5 felsic tuff Anaconda, Eastern Goldfields
37.8 34.1 164.5 21 99.4 27 34.4 0.03 41.80 21.2 4 5 felsic tuff Anaconda, Eastern Goldfields
18 34.5 189 23.5 92.5 21.8 19.2 0.01 26.00 25.0 4 5 felsic tuff Anaconda, Eastern Goldfields
4.32 41.7 320 19 36.1 11.7 14.5 0.01 18.03 7.3 4 5 felsic tuff Anaconda, Eastern Goldfields
18.5 74.1 246.7 14.5 2.25 0.83 0.54 0.01 0.05 0.5 1 3 felsic tuff Anaconda, Eastern Goldfields
5.66 36.1 238 18 85.1 24.6 37.9 0.03 53.20 15.8 4 5 felsic tuff Anaconda, Eastern Goldfields
8.92 41.5 114.7 21 52.6 17.3 21.1 0.02 36.10 15.0 4 5 felsic tuff Anaconda, Eastern Goldfields
32.4 35.3 601 14.5 161.3 42.1 48.1 0.03 70.50 39.1 4 5 felsic tuff Anaconda, Eastern Goldfields
5.3 38 153.9 22 57.5 15.9 18.51 0.01 26.49 12.6 4 5 felsic tuff Anaconda, Eastern Goldfields
17.9 51.5 491 28 132.7 30.2 27.7 0.02 24.40 25.6 4 5 felsic tuff Anaconda, Eastern Goldfields
16.6 28.4 298 32.5 91.8 22.1 28.2 0.03 42.90 18.5 4 5 felsic tuff Anaconda, Eastern Goldfields
8.3 32.9 241 26 74.5 20.8 19.9 0.01 30.28 18.2 4 5 felsic tuff Anaconda, Eastern Goldfields
3.31 29.29 200.3 21.5 63.9 18 21.2 0.02 27.00 12.2 4 5 felsic tuff Anaconda, Eastern Goldfields
13.9 55.2 271.8 25 7.32 6.48 6.11 0.02 0.16 0.5 3 3 felsic tuff Anaconda, Eastern Goldfields
10.9 53.7 199 30.5 90 22.6 14.8 0.01 24.87 23.0 4 5 felsic tuff Anaconda, Eastern Goldfields
13.79 19.43 368.9 1.2 58.4 16.32 0.0375 0.02 0.01 22.5 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
9.63 2.17 235.1 1.7 50.7 12.53 0.0365 0.06 0.01 20.1 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
14.85 85.2 283.1 1.65 68.6 19.39 0.07 0.04 0.01 27.0 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite PilbaraAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 323Appendix C Table 1 Page 77 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
N17-08 N17-08.B3 - 2.d 74.4 47.9 1300 2.2 160 5.12 883 116.9 1837 0.75 1.3 3.31 0.06 460.5 777 6.20 126 1.98
N17-08 N17-08.B3 - 3.d 58.6 52.9 1000 1.2 140 4.61 890 106.3 2272 0.37 1.33 2.75 0.04 427.2 774.4 6.86 123.9 1.41
N17-08 N17-08.B3 - 4.d 61 62.6 1350 1.2 190 4.58 890 119 2445 0.6 1.2 2.56 0.03 332.6 637.5 6.73 120.9 1.91
N17-08 N17-08.B4 - 1.d 74.5 123.4 1150 3.1 130 3.43 881 221.9 2304 0.31 1.11 4 0.08 336.1 686 8.10 114.8 1.62
N17-08 N17-08.B4 - 2.d 62.8 53.7 1450 3.5 115 3.8 889 223.4 2572 0.395 1.46 3.18 0.09 250.7 818 7.60 113.9 1.79
N17-08 N17-08.B5 - 1.d 66 60.7 1500 4.0 170 3.64 671.4 152.5 2870 0.73 0.92 3.3 0.12 245.6 980 7.50 117.7 1.37
N17-08 N17-08.B6 - 1.d 62.9 399 1300 3.8 140 4.01 955 114.6 2450 0.285 1.36 2.81 0.05 296.9 684.7 7.72 116 1.67
N17-08 N17-08.B7 - 1.d 57.2 51.2 1600 5.0 210 2.72 867 110.3 2736 0.55 1.51 2.57 0.02 272 721 5.80 123.9 1.73
N17-08 N17-08.B7 - 2.d 62.7 108 1200 5.5 190 2.13 888 105.6 3050 0.3 0.385 3.6 0.06 274.4 830 6.20 135.3 2.12
N17-08 N17-08.B8 - 1.d 64 57.6 1050 2.6 155 3.35 841 168.7 2750 0.6 1.18 2.91 0.01 238.6 956 7.40 158.3 2.06
N17-08 N17-08.B8 - 2.d 61.6 54.3 850 2.9 130 3.46 822 166.5 2583 0.405 0.96 4.01 0.15 233.8 812.7 7.90 135.5 2.4
N17-08 N17-08.B8 - 3.d 63.1 56 1400 6.0 145 4.12 833 173.6 2782 0.6 0.66 2.23 0.03 260.3 985 7.70 153.1 2.19
N17-08 N17-08.B9 - 1.d 67.2 41.4 1100 5.5 235 3.66 791.6 248 2640 0.6 0.7 2.8 0.03 221.7 436 7.80 158.9 2.24
N17-08 N17-08.B9 - 2.d 58.6 64.6 1400 6.5 160 3.77 790.9 228.7 2913 0.8 1.28 1.89 0.05 231.7 425.2 6.55 156.4 2.01
N17-08 N17-08.B9 - 3.d 62.4 70.2 1150 3.4 120 3.73 797.7 255.4 2560 0.285 1.47 2.46 0.07 226.1 443.5 6.18 147.6 2.08
N17-08 N17-08.B9 - 4.d 60.2 65.2 1200 2.9 115 3.66 794 242.6 2732 0.36 1.4 2.77 0.06 230.4 479.5 5.60 157.9 2.15
N17-08 N17-08.B10 - 1.d 117 92 1850 4.8 285 7.07 856 222.3 2497 0.28 0.325 3.79 0.10 249.7 548.8 8.81 164.9 2.03
N17-08 N17-08.B10 - 2.d 64.8 44.9 1900 6.0 240 6.38 861 234.2 2710 1 1.08 2.22 0.03 243 586.6 8.10 144.1 1.91
N17-08 N17-08.B10 - 3.d 62.5 87.3 1100 3.1 130 6.46 854.9 228.3 2844 0.455 1.22 2.93 0.02 289.2 479.2 8.80 147.5 1.9
N17-08 N17-08.B11 - 1.d 57.8 118.5 1650 4.7 190 2.49 1020 137.9 2216 0.6 1.56 3.37 0.06 221 362.7 7.70 137.9 1.87
N17-08 N17-08.B12 - 1.d 63.7 71.7 1000 3.2 150 4.3 930 157.7 2991 0.5 1.26 2.98 0.09 266.6 752 6.56 157.4 2.18
N17-08 N17-08.B12 - 2.d 59.4 175 1500 5.2 160 4.76 910 157.7 2570 0.65 1.44 3.05 0.04 267.4 845 7.35 155.2 2.05
N17-08 N17-08.B12 - 3.d 59.6 93.1 1450 3.7 150 4.24 924 151.8 2901 0.8 1.15 3.23 0.03 240.6 663 5.34 160.2 2.06
N17-08 N17-08.B12 - 4.d 66.1 119.7 850 3.3 130 4.31 927 157.6 3270 0.44 1.22 3.14 0.02 255.4 811 6.50 155.2 1.68
N17-08 N17-08.B13 - 1.d 63 71.6 1550 3.3 215 3.05 768 188.7 2535 1.25 1.21 3.32 0.03 224 698 8.10 115.5 1.91
N17-08 N17-08.B14 - 1.d 64.1 74.7 1450 1.5 125 2.91 804 243.3 2740 0.8 1.24 3.6 0.03 368.1 667 8.70 118.9 1.82
N17-08 N17-08.B14 - 2.d 68.5 45.9 1350 1.4 200 2.55 802 228.8 2792 0.305 1.19 3.9 0.07 359.1 664.8 7.70 116.7 1.26
N17-08 N17-08.B15 - 1.d 62.3 76.8 1550 1.4 140 4.24 873 238.6 2735 0.8 1 2.99 0.03 204.3 542.2 9.00 130.7 1.52
N17-08 N17-08.B16 - 1.d 70 78.3 1700 2.4 230 4.68 915 78.9 2210 0.65 0.84 3.24 0.06 217.6 477.1 8.80 113 1.75
N17-08 N17-08.B17 - 1.d 65.7 64.4 1550 1.4 190 3.25 793.4 315.9 3210 0.27 1.17 3.9 0.03 243.1 971 7.60 150.6 1.7
N17-08 N17-08.B18 - 1.d 61 87.7 1700 1.3 195 4.6 954.7 62 3032 0.295 0.81 4.6 0.06 230.9 720.4 9.10 154.5 1.67
N17-08 N17-08.B18 - 2.d 56.8 41 900 1.3 165 4.2 967 60 2700 0.365 1.06 3.13 0.07 231.2 699.6 7.70 145.7 1.72
N17-08 N17-08.B18 - 3.d 68.4 64.1 1100 1.0 145 4.45 943 60.9 2970 0.48 1.07 2.43 0.09 327.2 739.3 8.10 143 1.51
N17-08 N17-08.B18 - 4.d 58.8 55.8 1100 1.2 145 4.12 965 60.4 2634 0.31 0.98 2.72 0.20 230.8 687 8.40 143 1.59
N17-08 N17-08.B18 - 5.d 62.5 50.3 1300 2.1 195 4.28 936 60.4 3026 0.47 0.75 3.22 0.03 323.8 682.1 5.90 153.5 1.33
N17-08 N17-08.C1 - 1.d 58.5 110.8 1850 1.5 210 2.44 720 349.7 2587 0.37 0.92 3.3 0.03 248 747.7 8.50 144.7 1.76
N17-08 N17-08.C1 - 2.d 63 62.5 2300 1.6 150 2.6 741 340.9 2979 0.285 1.06 3.7 0.06 285.3 964 8.70 152.2 1.77
N17-08 N17-08.C2 - 2.d 64.4 82.9 1600 1.8 275 3.41 798 324.3 2369 0.55 0.99 4.5 0.07 223.8 733 7.90 144.6 2.3
N17-08 N17-08.D1 - 1.d 65.5 98.8 800 1.3 160 3.94 1021 45.4 2862 0.315 1.24 3.6 0.04 436 645.4 8.90 114 1.47
N17-08 N17-08.D2 - 1.d 64.7 70 2200 2.0 260 3.77 874 116.5 2563 0.6 1.08 3.54 0.11 249.8 715.6 7.10 136.8 2.48
N17-08 N17-08.D2 - 2.d 60.6 156.9 1900 1.9 235 3.64 871 117.4 2250 0.41 0.89 3.7 0.27 239.4 611.5 7.40 139.8 1.92
N17-08 N17-08.D2 - 3.d 65.8 167 1950 1.7 235 3.21 865.9 115.8 2790 0.65 1.2 3.48 0.04 244.1 606 9.40 136.8 2.25
N17-08 N17-08.D3 - 1.d 62.6 41.8 1600 1.4 150 4.79 1706 39.7 2800 0.29 1.22 2.47 0.04 231.7 959.8 7.90 111.4 1.91
N17-08 N17-08.D3 - 2.d 61.7 36.1 1550 1.2 140 5.44 1736 40.5 2960 0.26 1.15 4.2 0.03 299.5 871 9.20 108 1.29
N17-08 N17-08.D3 - 3.d 61.8 34.6 2000 1.1 250 4.61 1700 38.3 2750 0.6 1.04 2.88 0.10 238.4 892 8.54 103.7 1.51324 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 78 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
N17-08 N17-08.B3 - 2.d
N17-08 N17-08.B3 - 3.d
N17-08 N17-08.B3 - 4.d
N17-08 N17-08.B4 - 1.d
N17-08 N17-08.B4 - 2.d
N17-08 N17-08.B5 - 1.d
N17-08 N17-08.B6 - 1.d
N17-08 N17-08.B7 - 1.d
N17-08 N17-08.B7 - 2.d
N17-08 N17-08.B8 - 1.d
N17-08 N17-08.B8 - 2.d
N17-08 N17-08.B8 - 3.d
N17-08 N17-08.B9 - 1.d
N17-08 N17-08.B9 - 2.d
N17-08 N17-08.B9 - 3.d
N17-08 N17-08.B9 - 4.d
N17-08 N17-08.B10 - 1.d
N17-08 N17-08.B10 - 2.d
N17-08 N17-08.B10 - 3.d
N17-08 N17-08.B11 - 1.d
N17-08 N17-08.B12 - 1.d
N17-08 N17-08.B12 - 2.d
N17-08 N17-08.B12 - 3.d
N17-08 N17-08.B12 - 4.d
N17-08 N17-08.B13 - 1.d
N17-08 N17-08.B14 - 1.d
N17-08 N17-08.B14 - 2.d
N17-08 N17-08.B15 - 1.d
N17-08 N17-08.B16 - 1.d
N17-08 N17-08.B17 - 1.d
N17-08 N17-08.B18 - 1.d
N17-08 N17-08.B18 - 2.d
N17-08 N17-08.B18 - 3.d
N17-08 N17-08.B18 - 4.d
N17-08 N17-08.B18 - 5.d
N17-08 N17-08.C1 - 1.d
N17-08 N17-08.C1 - 2.d
N17-08 N17-08.C2 - 2.d
N17-08 N17-08.D1 - 1.d
N17-08 N17-08.D2 - 1.d
N17-08 N17-08.D2 - 2.d
N17-08 N17-08.D2 - 3.d
N17-08 N17-08.D3 - 1.d
N17-08 N17-08.D3 - 2.d
N17-08 N17-08.D3 - 3.dHf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
17.82 25.72 300.8 1.95 78 22.9 0.07 0.00 0.01 30.4 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
19.1 21.59 268.6 0.9 73.5 19.93 0.029 0.03 0.00 29.9 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
15 30.7 288.5 2.2 60.9 17.16 0.06 0.06 0.01 25.3 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
18.64 23.43 294.3 0.9 63.2 17.95 0.027 0.02 0.01 27.7 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
14.01 25.1 297.3 0.85 64.8 20.38 3.23 0.03 0.01 26.1 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
14.94 46.28 386.5 1.1 49.1 12.07 0.035 0.04 0.01 22.6 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
16.5 22 340.5 1.3 37.8 10.09 0.148 0.02 0.00 17.4 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
16.22 38.29 259.1 1.25 82.7 22.92 0.0275 0.04 0.01 35.4 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
14.35 24.25 226.2 1.7 89.6 24.46 0.055 0.02 0.01 37.8 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
14.29 50.79 573 1.15 60.9 15.71 0.0345 0.03 0.02 26.5 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
14.38 6.56 453.8 0.85 54.1 13.9 0.032 0.02 0.06 26.2 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
16.1 31.4 470.8 2.05 63.2 16.23 0.043 0.06 0.03 27.6 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
14.08 10.39 789 1.05 57.8 14.88 0.0235 0.03 0.02 25.7 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
14.16 12.28 798 1.1 58.6 15.14 0.07 0.02 0.01 26.6 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
14.77 2.97 803 1.1 56.3 14.55 0.0235 0.02 0.03 27.1 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
13.5 7 771 1.35 57.2 14.51 0.022 0.02 0.01 25.8 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
13.62 11.77 382.2 1.25 66.6 17.48 0.0385 0.04 0.01 28.4 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
11.52 13.82 484 1.65 62.1 15.33 0.044 0.05 0.02 28.7 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
13.69 8.57 406.7 1 64.7 16.81 0.028 0.01 0.01 29.9 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
9.97 17.71 312.1 1.4 49.1 12.89 0.06 0.03 0.01 22.5 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
15.77 17.64 760 0.85 65.9 17.3 0.0415 0.02 0.01 29.8 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
17.2 31.52 835 0.75 56.5 14.33 0.031 0.02 0.01 27.8 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
13.98 9.02 673 1.35 67.7 17.76 0.038 0.01 0.01 30.3 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
16.08 30.58 904 1.35 60.8 15.16 0.0285 0.02 0.01 27.8 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
12.63 32 261.8 2.05 44.3 11.59 0.0385 0.01 0.01 19.6 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
14.2 30.76 254.7 1.35 52.8 13.33 0.0495 0.02 0.02 23.8 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
13.5 27 245.3 0.55 45.1 11.8 0.05 0.05 0.01 20.2 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
8.39 4.32 257.4 0.85 44.8 11.7 0.0285 0.04 0.01 20.3 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
8.98 20.47 262.5 0.7 41.3 10.03 0.05 0.04 0.00 18.1 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
11.38 35.62 846 1.1 53.1 14.57 0.065 0.02 0.01 24.4 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
11.72 10.67 599.3 0.75 54.1 14.8 0.07 0.03 0.01 23.2 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
12.84 26.39 816 0.6 51.9 13.85 0.03 0.02 0.01 24.5 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
19.3 28.51 461.6 0.47 57.8 14.78 0.03 0.02 0.01 27.6 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
12.87 21.06 776 0.6 57.6 14.65 0.026 0.05 0.02 27.4 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
17.43 26.79 678 1 64.9 18.12 0.0465 0.06 0.00 29.3 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
11.95 29.59 708 1.1 47.8 12.46 0.08 0.05 0.01 22.5 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
13.97 44.6 720 1.4 50 12.7 0.046 0.02 0.00 22.8 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
9.26 18.19 347.6 1.15 52.2 13.39 0.0385 0.01 0.01 24.8 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
16.59 22.27 182.8 0.43 41.7 11.19 0.031 0.03 0.01 19.7 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
15.09 75.8 469.7 1 76.3 19.67 0.033 0.05 0.01 34.3 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
13.96 37.68 417.7 0.7 90.3 23.63 0.141 0.02 0.00 43.3 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
13.2 32.8 389 0.7 72.5 18.65 0.049 0.05 0.02 35.4 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
8.31 43.1 340 0.49 65.9 17.36 0.0325 0.04 0.01 29.7 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
12.78 73.6 596 0.48 119.3 33.8 0.034 0.02 0.01 52.8 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
8.98 17.06 330.2 0.75 61.5 16.44 0.0405 0.02 0.00 27.4 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite PilbaraAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 325Appendix C Table 1 Page 79 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
N17-08 N17-08.D4 - 1.d 64.8 77.2 1200 2.3 165 2.26 686.9 59.6 4590 0.29 0.95 4.3 0.10 236.4 3274 5.87 150.9 1.65
N17-08 N17-08.D4 - 2.d 63.6 131.7 950 1.0 135 1.96 760 60.9 4750 0.55 1.25 2.93 0.02 334.9 3946 6.70 149.7 1.57
N17-08 N17-08.D5 - 1.d 66.4 52 1100 1.1 155 4.84 895 275.5 3170 0.39 1.21 3.4 0.09 424.6 1101 7.70 150.8 1.24
N17-08 N17-08.D5 - 2.d 66.3 85.3 1500 4.0 255 4.85 902 269.1 3102 0.405 1.43 4 0.05 252.1 1076 8.60 183.5 1.92
N17-08 N17-08.D5 - 3.d 65.7 71.4 2050 4.8 195 5.13 899 272.7 3060 0.65 1.16 3.36 0.02 353.3 1006 7.50 179.7 1.64
N17-08 N17-08.D6 - 1.d 53.8 38.6 1250 4.6 180 4.35 1305 40.2 2520 0.8 0.75 3.2 0.01 186.5 458.4 6.70 142.2 1.92
N17-08 N17-08.D6 - 2.d 60.1 44.3 1600 3.7 195 3.91 1353 36.7 2590 1.05 1.57 3.9 0.03 227.9 652.9 7.50 133.2 1.89
N17-08 N17-08.D7 - 1.d 62.1 95.2 1600 4.0 205 2.83 836 97 2630 0.95 1.16 4.23 0.03 289.2 738 7.40 140.4 1.4
N17-08 N17-08.D8 - 1.d 67.6 184.6 1700 4.6 295 2.16 890 81 2580 0.29 1.03 2.98 0.03 243.1 621.8 9.50 103.7 1.98
N17-08 N17-08.D9 - 1.d 64.9 439 2150 3.6 135 5.73 914 121.9 2167 0.31 1.09 3 0.03 246.9 585 6.28 205.5 1.72
N17-08 N17-08.D9 - 2.d 61.6 187.4 1000 3.1 310 5.88 884 111.5 2230 0.6 1.31 3.44 0.03 226.6 268.1 9.30 197.1 2.17
SDA SDA - 1.d 3220 2950 8100 1.3 3660 4.81 999 59.9 6320 6.2 1.35 5.3 1.11 237.7 996 7.60 178.2 1.92
SDA SDA - 2.d 65.8 93.8 1650 2.1 250 4.1 964 88.4 2030 0.55 1.19 4.4 0.04 204.1 574.3 7.50 114.2 3.55
SDA SDA - 3.d 53.4 192 2930 1.3 115 2.78 700.3 226.7 2629 0.55 0.82 3.18 0.07 242 523.4 8.50 198.6 2.12
SDA SDA - 4.d 59.1 97.8 1000 1.5 135 6.33 904 185.4 2782 0.47 1.19 3.8 0.09 245.3 834 7.13 186.2 2.47
SDA SDA - 5.d 57.6 70.3 1250 1.3 160 3.88 898.4 139.8 2530 0.385 1.24 2.65 0.03 384.8 600.8 8.10 149 1.77
SDA SDA - 6.d 69 46.6 1150 1.4 145 2.9 715.9 74.8 3010 0.55 1.2 3.1 0.03 243.7 1477 4.75 116.2 2.85
SDA SDA - 7.d 70.9 69.9 1400 1.4 140 3.12 894.4 70.6 2259 0.435 0.355 4.08 0.03 262.6 694 6.70 155.9 2.2
SDA SDA - 8.d 64.5 144 1200 1.4 85 3.53 1021 71.8 2493 0.5 1.12 3.48 0.02 318.1 463.6 7.50 128 1.66
SDA SDA - 9.d 58 75.7 750 1.6 130 2.53 750.4 147.4 2490 0.31 1 3.7 0.06 233.6 590.1 6.30 141.7 2.56
SDA SDA - 10.d 63.3 46 1350 1.5 155 2.09 790 129.3 2400 0.335 1.39 2.6 0.03 230.2 798.3 5.30 148.7 1.99
SDA SDA - 11.d 67.2 51.6 2310 1.1 130 3.71 762 90.3 2121 0.28 1.71 4.68 0.06 432.1 1100 6.36 122.7 1.75
SDA SDA - 12.d 59.2 60.3 1150 2.4 225 4.07 722.9 37.9 3040 0.44 0.82 2.66 0.06 249.1 1005 7.40 159.4 2.5
SDA SDA - 13.d 68.5 68.3 1100 1.7 120 6.25 905 221.2 2725 0.5 0.77 3.95 0.02 244.1 841 8.20 198.6 2.49
SDA SDA - 14.d 62.5 184 1000 1.3 135 3.61 904 122 2960 0.46 1.28 3.04 0.04 331.8 933 6.90 138.8 1.69
SDA SDA - 15.d 63.6 60.7 1100 1.5 150 4.25 948 84.5 2004 0.38 1.16 3.28 0.02 219.9 211.8 7.11 138.7 2.13
SDA SDA - 16.d 62.4 101.4 1150 1.4 125 2.98 608.2 36.4 2874 0.33 1.1 2.96 0.08 263.2 819 8.53 124.6 2.29
Wodgina WODGINA - 1.d 70 8.5 2650 3.5 430 17.5 2248 11950 2800 2 8.5 7.4 0.06 569 2938 57.30 912 12.7
Wodgina WODGINA - 2.d 64.2 4 2200 3.9 285 19.6 2165 11520 2462 0.58 1.45 2.93 0.04 621.4 2991 56.70 782 8.7
Wodgina WODGINA - 3.d 8400 5400 23600 6.0 250 40.2 2703 10480 42900 237 16.8 219 5.71 646.8 3034 57.30 794 9.4
Wodgina WODGINA - 4.d 69.3 9 1500 3.4 240 18 2203 11670 2910 0.7 4.38 3.84 0.04 592.8 2867 55.20 786 8.66
Wodgina WODGINA - 5.d 10300 6400 13400 10.5 800 25.9 2307 12920 21600 116 31.1 22.4 1.40 578 2853 56.80 922 11.6
Wodgina WODGINA - 6.d 75 4.55 1750 3.4 210 18.6 2226 11210 2084 1.15 2.81 5.3 0.03 600.5 2972 58.20 816 9.44
Wodgina WODGINA - 8.d 61.3 3.9 1300 2.5 245 18.7 2092 11250 2350 0.85 0.95 2.94 0.06 609.9 3016 57.60 775 8.28
Wodgina WODGINA - 9.d 66.6 2.95 1950 2.3 205 18.9 2110 11230 2095 0.8 1.5 3.25 0.07 599.1 2874 56.80 766 8.26
Wodgina WODGINA - 10.d 63.9 4.5 2000 2.2 205 18.7 2080 11020 2094 0.7 1.17 2.63 0.04 592.1 2801 56.40 751 8.61
Wodgina WODGINA - 11.d 71.9 3.9 1150 2.9 315 18.4 2106 11140 1898 0.95 1.59 3.61 0.14 583.1 2758 51.90 771 8.74
Wodgina WODGINA - 12.d 90.7 5 1500 2.9 180 17.9 2140 11230 2390 1.05 1.46 7.3 0.07 591.1 2778 54.60 804 8.39
Wodgina WODGINA - 13.d 59.7 4.1 2000 3.8 185 18.4 2229 11511 2102 0.92 0.99 3.05 0.07 564.8 2511 50.90 809 4.81
Wodgina WODGINA - 14.d 62.2 3.3 1950 3.8 210 20.8 2235 11540 2267 1.2 1.04 3.9 0.09 569.9 2520 51.50 884 5.32
Wodgina WODGINA - 15.d 60.6 3.45 1250 3.1 155 19.1 2130 11370 2103 0.5 0.85 2.09 0.06 558.3 2368 48.20 837 5.05
Wodgina WODGINA - 16.d 1020 589 1700 6.4 120 19.8 2170 10790 4390 11.6 2.57 11.4 0.33 537 2289 47.10 778 5.36
Wodgina WODGINA - 17.d 99.9 3.15 1450 4.0 190 17.3 2152 11420 1942 0.9 0.65 3.97 0.08 562 2329 50.30 870 5.41
Wodgina WODGINA - 18.d 64.1 2.5 950 3.7 205 17 2139 11180 2168 0.55 1.19 2.75 0.04 566.3 2312 48.10 829 5.05
Wodgina WODGINA - 19.d 62.2 3 1350 3.1 190 18.9 2173 11372 2178 1.1 1.04 3.8 0.04 562 2323 48.30 853 5.28326 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 80 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
N17-08 N17-08.D4 - 1.d
N17-08 N17-08.D4 - 2.d
N17-08 N17-08.D5 - 1.d
N17-08 N17-08.D5 - 2.d
N17-08 N17-08.D5 - 3.d
N17-08 N17-08.D6 - 1.d
N17-08 N17-08.D6 - 2.d
N17-08 N17-08.D7 - 1.d
N17-08 N17-08.D8 - 1.d
N17-08 N17-08.D9 - 1.d
N17-08 N17-08.D9 - 2.d
SDA SDA - 1.d
SDA SDA - 2.d
SDA SDA - 3.d
SDA SDA - 4.d
SDA SDA - 5.d
SDA SDA - 6.d
SDA SDA - 7.d
SDA SDA - 8.d
SDA SDA - 9.d
SDA SDA - 10.d
SDA SDA - 11.d
SDA SDA - 12.d
SDA SDA - 13.d
SDA SDA - 14.d
SDA SDA - 15.d
SDA SDA - 16.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 1.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 2.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 3.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 4.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 5.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 6.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 8.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 9.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 10.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 11.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 12.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 13.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 14.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 15.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 16.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 17.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 18.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 19.dHf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
10.72 340.3 989 1.05 43.3 11.42 0.105 0.04 0.02 19.4 7 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
15.08 351.3 1313 0.75 56.7 15.16 0.026 0.02 0.01 25.8 7 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
18.1 31 630 1.63 81.6 21.78 0.0285 0.02 0.01 37.1 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
13.42 65.3 800 1.5 49.3 12.78 0.05 0.09 0.01 19.8 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
16.35 24.28 711 1.2 82.8 22.44 0.065 0.05 0.00 33.8 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
5.56 1.93 172.9 1.85 53.4 13.61 0.025 0.08 0.01 23.1 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
8.43 52.08 512 3.25 96.2 26.4 0.022 0.06 0.01 39.5 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
13.3 39.96 200.3 2.45 59.7 16.26 0.031 0.03 0.02 24.7 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
10.8 11.11 304.5 1.65 100.9 25.4 0.034 0.04 0.01 42.0 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
13.38 23.81 699 1.5 78.3 18.86 0.034 0.06 0.02 29.8 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
11.14 5.01 726 1.5 68.8 16.83 0.075 0.08 0.01 28.1 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
10.11 39.3 431.4 1.8 49.6 13.77 0.0315 0.04 0.01 19.0 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
9.39 25.71 170 2.6 114 29.5 0.149 0.05 0.01 44.9 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
8.71 6.46 463.1 1.8 74.2 18.95 0.033 0.04 0.09 29.0 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
12.33 19.31 870 1.45 67.9 17.89 0.281 0.05 0.01 26.7 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
15.45 27.95 341.6 2 56.5 14.41 0.09 0.03 0.01 22.3 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
11.06 127.7 568.2 1.3 107.9 27.7 0.037 0.02 0.01 40.6 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
12.45 36.8 281.2 1 57.4 14.57 0.0295 0.03 0.01 21.2 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
11 15.62 253.6 1.4 43.4 11.31 0.031 0.02 0.01 18.2 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
10.31 2.36 311.6 1.05 47.2 12.03 0.019 0.03 0.01 18.6 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
9.95 77.4 275.8 2.2 67.3 19.59 0.026 0.04 0.01 23.6 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
16.5 53.2 237.6 1.2 76.1 20.66 0.0245 0.03 0.02 30.0 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
10.84 47.07 539 1.4 81.2 20.85 0.06 0.06 0.01 31.0 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
13.02 13.43 878 1.1 62.9 16.35 0.0355 0.03 0.00 24.8 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
12.8 33.9 301.4 2.2 66.7 18.42 0.02 0.04 0.01 26.9 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
9.69 2.17 195 1.1 54.9 14.3 0.0295 0.03 0.01 20.8 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
10.69 26.87 172 1.2 82.2 21.1 0.031 0.04 0.00 32.7 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
29.7 395.6 8240 4.6 491 106.9 1.28 0.06 0.02 152.4 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
34.7 446.8 8470 0.95 406.5 89.2 0.0465 0.01 0.02 167.8 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
39.6 482.2 9430 25.3 473 174.2 93.7 0.06 0.14 174.8 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
34 445.4 9220 1.9 393 87.6 0.0395 0.04 0.01 158.3 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
30.5 367.2 7930 7 507 124.1 17.2 0.13 0.04 149.3 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
34.4 412 8370 1.2 409 95.2 0.127 0.05 0.10 155.8 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
34.4 420.9 8009 1.3 374 84.8 0.04 0.03 0.03 161.4 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
35.1 402 7644 1 384 84.1 0.0465 0.03 0.06 162.3 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
34.8 394 7350 0.85 369 81.6 0.031 0.04 0.01 160.9 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
33.9 406.4 7850 1.2 392.3 89.4 0.055 0.03 0.06 166.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
34.1 373.6 8060 1.25 372.9 81.2 0.104 0.03 0.06 159.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
31.1 401 11280 0.82 334.5 70.8 0.06 0.04 0.04 148.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
29.7 350.7 11550 0.7 366 74.9 0.055 0.04 0.01 153.9 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
29.8 327.3 10870 1 360 75 0.055 0.03 0.01 153.4 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
28.6 276.1 10070 1.1 328.9 70.7 5.09 0.04 0.01 143.3 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
28.3 295.3 11170 0.9 361.4 74.7 1.15 0.04 0.01 153.8 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
29.5 291.8 10670 1 347 72 0.0285 0.01 0.01 155.7 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
32.2 276.6 10940 2.11 355.6 72 0.0415 0.03 0.00 152.8 9 2 pegmatite PilbaraAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 327Appendix C Table 1 Page 81 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
Wodgina WODGINA - 20.d 394 529 1500 3.9 185 26 2246 11171 5330 15.8 3.06 11.3 2.71 600.6 2637 50.20 967 6.85
Wodgina WODGINA - 21.d 69.5 6.5 1400 4.0 200 19.7 2195 11360 2140 0.7 0.98 2.07 0.03 568.3 2288 51.20 862 5.17
Wodgina WODGINA - 22.d 66.2 3 1050 4.8 210 18.3 2202 11430 2269 0.75 1.19 1.4 0.03 566.6 2295 48.90 880 5.48
Wodgina WODGINA - 23.d 66.8 2.25 900 5.0 330 19.2 2217 11333 2397 1.15 1.24 3.8 0.03 563 2306 52.90 883 5.74
Wodgina WODGINA - 24.d 64.8 5 1750 3.3 175 19.1 2209 11260 2592 0.7 1.12 2.66 0.04 557.8 2259 46.70 867 5.73
Wodgina WODGINA - 25.d 68.2 4.15 1050 3.9 185 19.3 2246 11150 2608 0.6 1.1 2.72 0.03 571.1 2322 46.10 906 5.24
Wodgina WODGINA - 26.d 73.7 3.6 1350 3.6 150 18.7 2208 11440 2697 0.55 1.07 3.53 0.03 572.8 2316 50.20 894 6
Wodgina WODGINA - 27.d 67.8 4.4 1100 2.8 215 20.2 2098 11360 1883 0.7 0.89 2.93 0.07 571.5 2317 49.90 902 5.2
Wodgina WODGINA - 28.d 66.2 3.8 1450 2.0 240 19.2 2167 11450 2438 0.8 1.33 3.41 0.04 574 2319 49.60 905 5.79
Wodgina WODGINA - 29.d 66.4 6 1550 6.0 145 18.7 2095 11290 2166 0.55 1.08 2.99 0.06 571.8 2297 46.40 932 5.56
Wodgina WODGINA - 30.d 64.5 5.5 1700 3.4 210 19.1 2152 11650 2183 0.75 1.53 2.22 0.08 575.3 2270 49.60 898 5.38
Wodgina WODGINA - 32.d 60.6 4.3 1850 3.8 305 19.9 2175 11520 2161 0.95 0.84 2.76 0.05 572.1 2328 50.90 902 5.77
Wodgina WODGINA - 33.d 70.4 2.45 1450 4.4 270 19.8 2304 11835 2316 0.36 1.26 2.98 0.06 595.5 2444 51.00 939 6.12
Wodgina WODGINA - 34.d 510 1500 3500 4.4 250 43.6 2491 10370 30700 76.6 3.78 67.4 7.87 665 2789 43.00 1021 5.08
Wodgina WODGINA - 35.d 71.8 4.3 1100 1.7 200 17.5 2250 11710 2127 1.15 1.61 4.3 0.06 616.3 2713 44.50 976 8.16
Wodgina WODGINA - 36.d 65.6 3.1 1200 2.3 160 20.3 2273 12050 2176 0.17 1 2.62 0.06 593.9 2582 47.10 945 7.81
Wodgina WODGINA - 37.d 193 182 1500 3.1 195 23 2345 11310 3570 7.8 1.17 6.1 1.21 586.5 2615 44.10 914 6.92
Wodgina WODGINA - 38.d 66 1.95 1250 2.0 195 19.2 2134 11520 2124 0.27 1.25 2.52 0.06 581.2 2581 46.20 934 7.7
Wodgina WODGINA - 39.d 7630 7170 16700 2.6 690 37.9 2461 12350 21100 260 10.1 155 3.51 616.1 2652 47.50 1019 7.94
Wodgina WODGINA - 40.d 63.4 3.35 1200 2.2 220 18.23 2149 11160 2437 0.85 1.32 2.39 0.04 565.7 2389 46.10 892 6.51
Wodgina WODGINA - 41.d 61.7 2.85 1250 1.8 190 20.5 2204 11420 2645 0.85 0.93 1.81 0.07 573.2 2396 48.10 928 7.03
Wodgina WODGINA - 42.d 62.1 8.1 1200 2.5 180 20.1 2150 11340 2847 1.1 1.61 2.71 0.01 561.2 2376 48.90 934 7.36
Wodgina WODGINA - 43.d 67.7 3.2 1900 2.2 200 20.2 2239 11220 2297 0.255 1.22 2.3 0.02 571.7 2421 51.30 972 7.02
Wodgina WODGINA - 44.d 64.2 29 1100 1.4 155 18.8 2230 11220 4150 0.55 0.55 13.7 0.03 571.9 2396 46.50 957 7.89
Wodgina WODGINA - 45.d 98.3 36.3 1330 2.0 160 19.4 2529 11850 11500 0.5 0.5 20.9 0.06 577.2 2447 51.30 983 7.62
Wodgina WODGINA - 46.d 82.3 180 1650 2.6 200 21.8 2229 11230 5070 6.5 1.9 6.7 0.89 557.6 2495 48.90 960 8.3
Wodgina WODGINA - 47.d 66.4 2.75 1600 2.2 185 17.9 2175 11500 2518 0.95 0.91 2.94 0.02 574.3 2438 51.30 947 7.27
Wodgina WODGINA - 48.d 63.3 3.35 1350 2.5 145 20 2218 11600 2642 0.5 1.38 2.87 0.06 564.1 2386 48.50 936 7.51
Wodgina WODGINA - 49.d 62.9 2.1 950 2.2 205 19.4 2118 11310 2930 0.85 1.11 3.42 0.08 558.8 2399 46.60 931 7.64
Wodgina WODGINA - 50.d 68.7 13.8 1900 2.4 180 19.8 2088 11050 2536 0.55 1.04 2.28 0.03 571.5 2454 46.20 947 8.19
Wodgina WODGINA - 51.d 66.1 3.95 1700 2.0 175 17.3 2175 11050 3740 0.335 1.44 3.56 0.06 562 2444 45.70 960 7.45
Wodgina WODGINA - 52.d 72.4 3.85 1550 1.8 220 18 2175 11410 8000 1.15 0.55 3.13 0.04 574 2497 48.30 1011 8.36
Wodgina WODGINA - 53.d 65.4 3.55 1500 2.3 260 17.4 2147 11180 2599 0.65 1.08 2.97 0.02 570.4 2469 48.30 961 6.8
Wodgina WODGINA - 54.d 69.3 6.6 1000 2.0 150 17.95 2181 11440 2694 0.355 1.4 3.13 0.04 565.5 2476 50.30 1024 7.43
Wodgina WODGINA - 55.d 66.7 4.4 1850 1.8 120 18.7 2156 11360 2484 1.05 1.2 3.74 0.03 569.9 2442 44.80 954 7.51
Wodgina WODGINA - 56.d 137 65 1150 2.3 290 18.1 2158 11390 2110 4.5 1.81 6.6 0.14 562.9 2389 49.30 947 7.85
Wodgina WODGINA - 57.d 166.8 1193 1200 3.0 195 36.2 3165 18630 28600 39.5 5.4 400 2.35 581.3 2612 52.80 1013 7.89
Wodgina WODGINA - 58.d 918 3790 12200 3.5 740 51.7 2676 11400 12130 30.2 31.8 30.6 10.10 626 2564 46.40 1194 8.6
Wodgina WODGINA - 59.d 71 3.15 1500 2.5 205 19.6 2184 11700 2298 0.65 1.33 3.87 0.03 567.4 2291 54.60 841 7.86
Wodgina WODGINA - 60.d 66 2.75 1150 3.0 220 18.7 2180 11750 2232 1.35 1.57 3.6 0.01 564.3 2307 56.80 827 8.57
Wodgina WODGINA - 61.d 1490 1340 2300 3.0 225 33.9 2545 10760 29500 66.7 9.8 38.8 4.54 598.9 2719 53.70 998 15.5
Wodgina WODGINA - 62.d 90.3 3.45 1550 3.4 220 17.2 2140 11490 2540 0.55 1.39 2.99 0.03 568.8 2466 56.80 821 9.31
Wodgina WODGINA - 63.d 66.8 3.4 1050 2.6 235 18.1 2207 12020 2435 0.65 1.66 1.15 0.08 568.5 2384 55.80 763 7.19
Wodgina WODGINA - 64.d 63.2 4.1 1050 2.9 145 18.5 2185 11890 2398 0.225 1.03 3.8 0.03 562.2 2365 58.00 771 7.02
Wodgina WODGINA - 65.d 57.3 3.3 1900 3.2 170 19.7 2043 11430 2092 0.49 0.9 3.55 0.09 578.9 2425 56.20 764 7.94328 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 82 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
Wodgina WODGINA - 20.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 21.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 22.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 23.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 24.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 25.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 26.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 27.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 28.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 29.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 30.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 32.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 33.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 34.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 35.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 36.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 37.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 38.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 39.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 40.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 41.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 42.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 43.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 44.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 45.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 46.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 47.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 48.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 49.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 50.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 51.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 52.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 53.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 54.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 55.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 56.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 57.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 58.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 59.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 60.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 61.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 62.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 63.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 64.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 65.dHf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
31.8 312.4 11420 8.5 370.7 99.1 32 0.01 0.02 159.2 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
31.9 289.8 11260 0.8 345.9 71.6 0.043 0.03 0.01 154.9 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
29.5 304.2 11460 1.45 356 76.4 0.05 0.04 0.02 155.1 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
29.3 312.7 11530 1.55 358 76.5 0.055 0.03 0.05 154.1 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
29.4 303.1 11550 0.8 346.5 71.7 0.0415 0.01 0.00 152.1 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
31.3 299.4 11580 0.7 359 73.5 0.06 0.04 0.01 156.7 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
31.1 302.5 11570 0.9 366 76.3 0.028 0.04 0.01 157.4 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
30.8 294.3 11710 1.14 356.5 75 0.055 0.04 0.01 154.6 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
30.9 290.8 11720 1.25 364 76 0.028 0.04 0.00 157.3 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
29.9 302.2 11800 1.3 376.2 78.8 0.065 0.05 0.04 157.2 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
30.8 317.7 12940 1.3 352 74.5 0.06 0.03 0.02 155.5 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
30.1 301.1 12260 1.8 355 73.9 0.044 0.03 0.00 157.3 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
31.1 337.3 13790 1 374.1 76.9 0.036 0.06 0.02 161.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
38 384.4 10300 11.1 353.4 104.6 45.4 0.12 0.02 155.3 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
35.3 341.6 19560 1.95 359.3 88.8 0.06 0.02 0.01 167.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
34.6 326.8 20000 1.65 356 89.5 0.0325 0.02 0.01 162.5 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
35.1 318.1 18920 4.4 329.7 92.2 5.7 0.02 0.02 160.2 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
32.8 288.9 16490 2 340.8 83.8 0.0205 0.01 0.02 156.8 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
36.7 303.8 17040 17.5 396 126.8 38 0.12 0.01 170.2 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
32.6 267.2 15260 1.75 325 81.3 0.025 0.02 0.02 150.6 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
34.4 279 16540 1.4 331 84.7 0.085 0.03 0.02 157.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
31.3 277.8 16460 1.25 342 86.9 0.03 0.02 0.00 153.8 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
33.6 285.1 16800 1.55 345.4 86.8 0.037 0.01 0.01 156.6 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
33.3 286.6 16740 1 342 89.3 0.041 0.03 0.01 156.5 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
33.8 295.1 17370 1.05 352 88.7 0.0255 0.01 0.01 158.9 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
33 290.5 16790 4.1 344.3 95.1 10.7 0.02 0.00 154.9 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
35.9 302.9 17310 1.55 353 91.5 0.044 0.01 0.02 161.4 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
31.6 313.5 17460 1.9 327.9 81.5 0.0365 0.01 0.01 155.3 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
32.4 306.9 16460 0.425 337 85.9 0.039 0.02 0.02 155.2 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
34.5 310.2 16040 1.55 339 87.5 0.036 0.00 0.01 159.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
33.4 306.1 15850 1.65 349.3 90.1 0.06 0.01 0.01 159.3 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
33.2 312.5 16200 1.3 376.1 93.7 0.055 0.02 0.01 164.1 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
33.7 311.4 15590 1.45 350 89.8 0.042 0.01 0.01 160.7 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
33.9 329.2 17300 1.25 355 91.7 0.0335 0.01 0.00 161.4 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
32.8 327.6 16700 0.95 336 87.5 0.0445 0.01 0.01 161.6 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
33 321.1 17320 2.82 342.7 88.8 1.99 0.01 0.00 156.7 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
35.6 327.8 15830 3 350.3 97 9.41 0.02 0.02 150.6 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
33.3 317.7 20070 99 679 388 265 0.20 0.06 251.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
30.4 292.1 8430 1.7 319.3 72.6 0.049 0.01 0.01 154.6 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
30.99 293.8 8750 1.5 319 71.6 0.027 0.04 0.02 153.2 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
34.6 297.8 8870 15.2 368.1 124.2 59.9 0.10 0.05 153.9 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
31.8 300.2 8480 0.8 323.5 74 0.37 0.02 0.01 155.1 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
29.6 301.9 9330 2 319.5 73.7 0.035 0.03 0.08 156.4 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
30.2 271 8780 1.45 303.6 69.7 0.0415 0.03 0.01 148.9 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
30.5 275.8 7700 0.485 319 72.5 0.0395 0.03 0.01 158.9 9 2 pegmatite PilbaraAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 329Appendix C Table 1 Page 83 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
Wodgina WODGINA - 66.d 264 1880 3900 2.1 210 36.7 3540 6030 7450 16.5 37 19.2 2.98 441.5 2830 35.30 875 8.83
Wodgina WODGINA - 67.d 75 3.4 2450 3.0 225 19.3 2108 11830 2379 0.25 0.5 2.61 0.03 574.3 2467 55.80 760 7.48
Wodgina WODGINA - 68.d 60.7 3.55 1000 3.0 270 18.39 2083 11580 2087 0.53 1.27 3.11 0.04 574.3 2592 59.80 759 7.64
Wodgina WODGINA - 69.d 61.5 3.15 1500 2.8 165 18.3 2129 11630 2314 0.75 1.51 3.33 0.01 607.2 2729 56.20 741 7.92
Wodgina WODGINA - 70.d 71 2.2 1050 3.5 210 18.2 2071 11490 2205 0.75 0.6 2.84 0.06 593.3 2944 56.70 747 7.41
Wodgina WODGINA - 71.d 61.5 2.95 1600 3.0 190 17.6 2088 11580 2096 0.49 0.65 3.18 0.03 589.3 2984 57.20 741 7.29
Wodgina WODGINA - 72.d 68.6 2.65 1800 1.4 225 19.7 2150 11930 2390 1 1.27 2.84 0.03 589.5 2987 55.80 727 7.14
Wodgina WODGINA - 73.d 71.4 6.5 1750 2.9 230 17.8 2117 11850 2049 0.7 1.45 2.83 0.06 601.2 3100 57.40 730 7.38
Wodgina WODGINA - 76.d 84.1 3.2 1300 29.5 310 11.3 2141 9155 2340 0.55 1.03 5.2 0.10 597.4 3076 65.40 686 7.24
Wodgina WODGINA - 77.d 1360 1300 1550 3.6 220 23.7 2097 11200 5170 36.6 2.6 9.8 2.40 604.9 3117 57.40 608 5.63
Wodgina WODGINA - 80.d 73 5.5 2100 3.0 330 17.5 2081 11430 2206 0.65 3.6 2.65 0.09 596.4 3613 57.60 709 5.15
Wodgina WODGINA - 81.d 61.4 267 1450 3.2 245 16.9 2428 16130 8980 2.53 1.92 105.8 0.09 592 4086 54.60 759 6.73
Wodgina WODGINA - 82.d 61.1 4.2 2320 5.2 220 18.4 2100 11520 2169 0.7 1.45 2.51 0.06 592 4073 61.20 757 4.34
Wodgina WODGINA - 83.d 66.1 2.85 1300 5.5 245 17.4 2087 11421 1839 0.75 2.07 3.33 0.03 581.3 4087 60.00 771 3.07
Wodgina WODGINA - 84.d 66.7 3.05 1650 3.5 230 18.1 2167 11490 2009 0.5 1.72 2.96 0.02 575.5 4024 62.00 805 3.67
Wodgina WODGINA - 85.d 76.1 3.25 1450 4.8 275 17.3 2169 11390 1958 0.32 0.96 3.08 0.03 577.8 4027 61.80 760 3.09
Wodgina WODGINA - 86.d 65.7 3.35 1200 4.4 255 16.4 2070 11110 2025 0.6 1.49 2.74 0.03 571.9 4092 62.70 785 3.2
Wodgina WODGINA - 87.d 62.5 3.65 900 6.0 235 18.1 2043 10870 1893 0.65 1.44 2.85 0.04 574 4089 62.00 757 3.11
Wodgina WODGINA - 88.d 67.9 3.75 1600 4.1 195 16.8 2122 11270 2122 0.9 1.88 3.78 0.03 569.6 4029 58.00 764 3.16
Wodgina WODGINA - 89.d 61.8 10.1 1500 4.8 185 18 2195 10752 2187 0.5 0.43 2.45 0.02 563.4 3885 58.30 732 3.03
Wodgina WODGINA - 90.d 63.8 2.6 1950 6.0 205 17.2 2211 11050 2301 0.95 1.28 2.28 0.06 565.5 3816 59.90 759 3.11
Wodgina WODGINA - 91.d 64.4 4.9 1450 3.5 230 17.5 2153 11230 2049 0.6 1.55 3.49 0.09 567.6 3784 57.40 752 2.88
Wodgina WODGINA - 92.d 65.2 7.9 950 4.9 125 17.6 2197 11570 2134 0.455 3.02 4.5 0.06 562.2 3662 57.30 772 2.86
Wodgina WODGINA - 93.d 65.5 5.7 1500 4.8 165 16.9 2139 11528 1900 0.9 1.24 3.17 0.06 558.7 3731 58.90 819 3.17
Wodgina WODGINA - 94.d 63.9 8.4 1250 4.3 190 17 2032 11620 1965 0.37 1.81 2.85 0.06 571.5 3903 57.50 829 2.83
Wodgina WODGINA - 95.d 68.6 97 1350 5.5 225 19.2 2430 11320 5360 2.08 1.27 49 0.03 559 3735 59.50 797 3.19
Wodgina WODGINA - 96.d 68.1 7.4 1650 4.0 185 17.3 2177 10980 2542 0.65 1.29 3.18 0.08 576.3 3744 54.50 790 3.46
Wodgina WODGINA - 97.d 67.7 10.8 1350 4.3 230 16.8 2085 11250 2291 0.85 1.76 2.91 0.04 573 3739 54.00 812 3.3
Wodgina WODGINA - 98.d 66.4 10.6 1400 4.2 200 16.7 2045 11079 2106 0.9 1.17 3 0.06 558.3 3600 57.80 864 3.44
Wodgina WODGINA - 99.d 216 21.8 1700 5.0 230 19 2196 11090 16300 12.5 1.51 8 0.06 580.9 3671 54.80 844 3.38
Wodgina WODGINA - 100.d 71 9.3 1300 3.7 195 17 2011 11004 1958 0.9 1.1 2.82 0.10 574.2 3745 53.70 826 3.29
Wodgina WODGINA - 101.d 254 103 1250 4.0 180 18.1 2073 11110 2510 6.1 0.95 4.8 0.18 573.3 3851 54.70 826 3.26
Wodgina WODGINA - 102.d 63.7 20.6 2100 6.0 230 17.5 2166 11138 2550 1.41 1.05 3.47 0.06 571.1 3907 55.80 771 2.74
Wodgina WODGINA - 103.d 66.4 23.5 750 3.6 120 16.2 2103 10992 2343 1.16 1.3 2.6 0.02 584.4 4101 61.00 781 3.07
Wodgina WODGINA - 104.d 70.5 18.9 1300 3.8 205 18.1 2123 11180 2671 0.7 1.71 2.95 0.05 582.9 4085 60.60 804 3.27
Wodgina WODGINA - 105.d 71.7 13.5 950 4.1 120 18.4 2140 11230 2773 0.5 0.71 2.86 0.04 583.5 3793 60.90 738 3.14
Wodgina WODGINA - 106.d 73.5 3.5 1700 5.5 250 17.9 2149 11410 2173 0.65 1.07 3.07 0.08 587 3343 60.90 659 3.09
Wodgina WODGINA - 107.d 76.5 15.9 1300 3.2 200 17.27 2177 11500 4830 1.45 2.18 3.46 0.24 591.2 2992 55.20 727 7.47
Wodgina WODGINA - 108.d 56.3 18 1600 3.6 235 17.5 2120 11090 3560 1.43 0.89 4.1 0.29 583.2 2848 51.60 668 7.07
Wodgina WODGINA - 109.d 105.3 619 900 2.7 210 21.2 2704 13540 20600 12.9 1.43 80.5 2.27 580.4 2881 49.60 628 6.31
Wodgina WODGINA - 110.d 61.8 19.7 1450 4.0 235 17.8 2075 11370 2378 0.27 1.21 3.15 0.06 574.8 2825 52.60 646 6.75
Wodgina WODGINA - 111.d 74.2 16.9 1900 2.5 225 17.3 2069 11230 2390 0.75 1.54 2.43 0.03 582.4 2878 52.10 640 7.32
Wodgina WODGINA - 112.d 79.8 122 1750 3.3 270 18.7 2167 10960 5760 7.4 1.02 21.2 0.85 584.9 2859 54.50 678 8.11
Wodgina WODGINA - 113.d 65 19.7 1700 4.5 240 18.3 2046 11140 2488 0.24 0.6 3.12 0.02 577.9 2792 55.30 675 7.79
Wodgina WODGINA - 114.d 308 1390 2350 4.7 300 21.4 2544 12290 12200 22.8 6.3 158 1.37 590.8 2928 52.50 719 8.11330 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 84 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
Wodgina WODGINA - 66.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 67.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 68.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 69.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 70.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 71.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 72.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 73.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 76.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 77.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 80.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 81.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 82.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 83.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 84.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 85.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 86.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 87.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 88.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 89.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 90.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 91.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 92.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 93.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 94.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 95.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 96.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 97.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 98.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 99.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 100.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 101.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 102.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 103.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 104.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 105.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 106.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 107.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 108.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 109.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 110.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 111.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 112.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 113.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 114.dHf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
30.6 302 9080 14 277 95.9 53 0.07 0.02 115.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
31 355.7 8420 0.8 319.9 71.2 0.065 0.02 0.01 158.5 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
32.1 432.2 7500 0.85 318.7 72.3 0.055 0.01 0.01 155.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
33.1 452.9 8060 1 286.8 66.5 0.0285 0.03 0.01 143.1 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
33.1 432 7110 0.8 326.3 73.1 0.0235 0.04 0.02 160.8 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
32.7 469.2 7250 1.7 330.8 75.6 0.041 0.03 0.01 160.4 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
32.2 488.2 7877 1 333 76.1 0.0385 0.03 0.01 163.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
33.7 498.5 7890 1.5 364 81.1 0.0475 0.02 0.01 173.6 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
34.1 452.2 6520 1.7 359.9 84.8 4.4 0.06 0.02 166.1 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
36.2 476.1 6440 4.2 345 85.9 8.5 0.03 0.03 178.3 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
35.3 471.7 6610 1.25 306 70.8 0.07 0.01 0.01 148.8 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
36.3 478.2 6230 1.2 284.8 65 0.179 0.01 0.01 135.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
35.8 435.4 5781 0.85 278.4 63.7 0.07 0.03 0.01 139.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
34.3 414 5379 1.95 321.6 71.2 0.055 0.02 0.03 141.5 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
32.4 387.3 5610 1.8 348.2 78.3 0.055 0.04 0.01 140.4 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
33.4 393.1 5439 2.5 323.4 74.1 0.055 0.01 0.01 139.5 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
33.4 361.5 4063 1.45 306.8 70.7 0.047 0.03 0.01 126.6 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
32.8 345.5 3743 2.1 309 70.2 0.049 0.02 0.01 131.7 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
31.12 383.7 4561 1.45 329.3 74.4 0.0425 0.03 0.00 134.1 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
32.1 422.8 5148 2.4 322.2 73.7 0.05 0.03 0.01 137.8 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
30.5 420 5407 1.3 344 77.8 0.0385 0.02 0.01 139.9 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
31.7 416.2 5609 1.1 345.4 79.7 0.06 0.02 0.01 141.4 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
31.4 414.8 6266 1.65 355.9 79.8 0.0465 0.02 0.00 144.1 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
31.2 430.9 5987 2.8 369.4 81.3 0.075 0.02 0.02 143.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
34.2 634.2 6010 1 357 79.4 0.0335 0.01 0.01 141.8 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
31.6 438.3 6160 1.95 332.9 75.3 0.085 0.02 0.03 139.6 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
32.2 432.6 6280 2.6 340.2 78.5 0.0475 0.03 0.02 143.2 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
34.4 434.1 5947 2.1 341.8 78.1 0.06 0.01 0.02 141.8 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
31 420.2 5428 2.35 334.1 76.7 0.07 0.01 0.03 137.3 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
33.2 433.9 5255 2.2 329 75 0.418 0.01 0.03 142.1 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
33.4 442.6 5192 1.65 342.4 76.8 0.033 0.02 0.01 146.6 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
33 445.6 5576 2.35 348.3 80.5 0.2 0.02 0.05 142.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
31.8 452 5752 1.15 332.8 74.1 0.065 0.02 0.01 142.3 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
33.2 428.6 5013 1.1 338.2 74.6 0.0305 0.01 0.01 141.7 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
34.4 436.1 5391 1.35 338.7 77.6 0.055 0.03 0.02 136.8 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
34.2 476.5 5883 1 328.2 74.7 0.036 0.01 0.01 137.7 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
31.16 538.6 6455 1.35 389 89.6 0.041 0.01 0.01 167.2 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
32.6 460.1 5594 2.05 406 94.4 5.82 0.02 0.01 174.1 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
31.1 440.2 5384 1.9 380 92.2 5.66 0.02 0.01 169.5 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
29.7 434.3 5172 9.6 366.1 102.8 25.3 0.01 0.01 161.2 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
31.9 436.6 5260 1.3 376 84 0.044 0.01 0.00 164.2 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
33 464.9 4992 1.25 358 82.8 0.085 0.03 0.01 166.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
32.7 461.2 5407 1.6 375 91.8 7.5 0.03 0.00 168.7 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
31.3 468.3 5598 1.95 358.4 80.4 0.055 0.02 0.01 167.7 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
33 482.7 5673 20.5 437 138 57 0.01 0.02 166.6 9 2 pegmatite PilbaraAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 331Appendix C Table 1 Page 85 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
Wodgina WODGINA - 115.d 68 35.4 1200 3.4 230 17.5 2241 10660 6780 3.88 1.41 3.74 0.85 580.1 2840 54.00 740 8.32
Wodgina WODGINA - 116.d 103.5 620 2300 3.0 275 18.8 2464 15200 14030 4.34 1.23 78.8 0.63 586.3 2876 53.70 706 8.11
Wodgina WODGINA - 117.d 68.8 40.3 1350 3.4 200 18.5 2121 11310 3090 1.65 1.31 3.92 0.30 575.9 2854 54.30 741 9.3
Wodgina WODGINA - 118.d 82.9 81.4 1850 2.4 195 20 2386 11500 11090 9.3 1.62 20.3 1.50 589.9 2891 54.80 767 8.85
Wodgina WODGINA - 119.d 68.7 75.2 1000 4.1 195 18.3 2170 11400 2444 0.55 1.2 3.2 0.05 570.1 2830 53.00 758 8.5
Wodgina WODGINA - 120.d 69 14.3 1300 2.7 250 18.2 2220 11150 2380 0.82 1.28 2.37 0.21 567.9 2845 51.80 769 7.89
Wodgina WODGINA - 121.d 66 17.5 1750 3.1 235 19 2251 11130 2775 0.55 0.6 2.6 0.04 627.5 2868 51.20 827 7.4
Wodgina WODGINA - 122.d 64.4 17.5 1750 3.3 335 16.6 2147 10530 2480 0.6 1.33 3.3 0.03 570.5 2773 47.60 789 8.32
Wodgina WODGINA - 123.d 69.4 26.7 1500 4.9 225 17.9 2214 11410 2670 0.6 1.02 8.5 0.12 575.1 2662 51.60 785 8.4
Wodgina WODGINA - 124.d 70.8 9.7 1300 3.1 215 18 2264 11700 9010 0.55 1.21 2.77 0.06 576.3 2666 51.00 849 8
Wodgina WODGINA - 125.d 60.5 15.4 1850 3.2 265 18 2137 11220 2155 1.35 1.23 3.14 0.05 573.7 2580 52.40 818 9.43
Wodgina WODGINA - 126.d 71.5 23.2 1150 2.5 130 17.9 2164 11560 2326 0.425 0.89 2.96 0.07 573.6 2521 51.80 847 9.02
Wodgina WODGINA - 127.d 68 4.55 1150 2.7 190 17.6 2117 11300 4220 0.7 1.21 3.71 0.06 576.5 2517 49.50 843 8.38
Wodgina WODGINA - 128.d 72.7 8.2 1350 2.6 130 18.4 2145 11320 1945 0.85 0.44 3.08 0.10 575.5 2563 52.20 889 8.38
Wodgina WODGINA - 129.d 69.6 5 1500 3.1 160 19.5 2169 11330 3410 0.34 1.25 2.94 0.08 579.8 2522 49.20 834 8.39
Wodgina WODGINA - 130.d 66.6 4.35 1250 2.9 265 17.9 2287 11740 3320 1.05 1.23 2.62 0.06 597.8 2534 50.30 876 8.81
Wodgina WODGINA - 131.d 201 166 1850 2.4 305 19.4 2275 11580 2120 11 4.37 6.5 0.76 578.9 2690 61.20 816 7.95
Wodgina WODGINA - 132.d 63.2 2.35 1700 2.0 285 19.4 2242 11260 1925 0.57 0.81 3.15 0.06 573.2 2671 61.70 761 6.66
Wodgina WODGINA - 133.d 109 23.5 1400 2.2 240 18.7 2169 11270 1966 0.36 1.07 3.8 0.09 572.8 2614 58.20 761 6.65
Wodgina WODGINA - 134.d 1010 840 1950 3.9 280 21.7 2227 11000 4520 19 2.86 12.6 1.69 604.4 2817 65.10 869 8.31
Wodgina WODGINA - 135.d 68.5 3.3 1450 2.8 165 18 2187 11410 2080 0.365 1.2 3.45 0.07 575.3 2746 60.30 773 6.93
Wodgina WODGINA - 136.d 162 72 1600 2.2 180 17.4 2328 10720 2221 4.5 0.83 5.3 0.07 560.3 2920 58.40 795 6.75
Wodgina WODGINA - 138.d 68.1 2.95 1100 2.1 215 18.9 2069 11180 2068 0.8 1.82 3.7 0.04 557.2 2765 62.70 779 6.7
Wodgina WODGINA - 139.d 69.1 3.3 1500 2.2 155 18.6 2116 11076 1875 0.75 0.65 2.69 0.13 577.3 2533 58.40 757 6.9
Wodgina WODGINA - 140.d 65.9 3.4 1100 3.4 260 18.71 2121 11302 2062 0.85 0.83 4.2 0.11 577.3 2505 61.00 790 7.74
Wodgina WODGINA - 141.d 65.1 6 1550 2.2 170 18.5 2282 11450 2289 0.27 0.55 2.83 0.07 572.6 2387 59.30 799 7.52
Wodgina WODGINA - 142.d 66.6 3 1400 2.4 175 18.46 2255 11420 2256 0.9 0.49 3.92 0.06 572 2442 57.80 830 7.28
Wodgina WODGINA - 143.d 311 560 1550 3.6 145 28.6 2419 11770 8400 16.9 2.72 35.1 2.60 583.8 2478 58.10 853 8.1
Wodgina WODGINA - 144.d 71.8 3.9 1300 2.7 200 18.7 2246 11260 2289 0.5 1.43 3.76 0.06 558 2367 58.40 832 7.16
Wodgina WODGINA - 145.d 66 3.45 1150 2.4 170 18.82 2125 10970 2517 0.55 1.19 3.24 0.09 557.3 2404 55.50 828 7.39
Wodgina WODGINA - 146.d 66.1 11.6 1650 4.1 175 18 2366 11150 10060 0.8 0.94 4.3 0.06 563.1 2408 59.20 841 7.29
Wodgina WODGINA - 147.d 66.5 18.5 1250 3.1 270 17.3 2177 11320 3113 0.5 0.5 2.38 0.01 568.9 2395 57.90 870 7.23
Wodgina WODGINA - 148.d 68.9 14.3 1750 3.1 225 18.63 2182 11310 2620 0.7 0.55 2.89 0.02 572.9 2395 57.40 854 6.73
Wodgina WODGINA - 149.d 75.1 45.9 1300 2.0 210 19.6 2390 11410 8600 6.1 1.62 5 0.80 572.8 2415 59.00 869 7.3
Wodgina WODGINA - 150.d 65.3 7.7 1450 3.1 185 18.3 2169 11210 2548 1.05 0.5 3.1 0.03 566.8 2389 59.30 850 7.22
Wodgina WODGINA - 151.d 65.5 4.7 2310 1.6 155 19.2 2177 11160 2318 0.47 1.24 3.16 0.03 569 2361 58.30 784 6.79
Wodgina WODGINA - 152.d 71.7 2.9 1000 1.5 215 18.3 2153 11180 2398 0.5 1.44 2.92 0.05 567.4 2410 56.50 846 7.08
Wodgina WODGINA - 153.d 72.3 10.8 2550 3.5 260 18.7 2158 11080 3110 0.97 1.55 3.3 0.09 580.9 2362 53.80 827 4.36
Wodgina WODGINA - 154.d 69.3 2.8 1250 3.0 260 18.6 2188 11400 2607 0.255 0.83 2.51 0.06 575.2 2349 51.30 933 5.76
Wodgina WODGINA - 155.d 62.6 2.75 2800 2.0 175 20.3 2246 11690 2430 0.55 1.16 2.23 0.06 577 2371 48.30 913 7.06
Wodgina WODGINA - 156.d 325 222 1400 3.2 200 17.9 2059 11040 1796 8.5 2.15 5.7 0.12 568.1 2458 51.00 941 7.3
Wodgina WODGINA - 157.d 68.6 4.5 900 3.5 200 18.8 2157 11260 2086 1.15 0.6 2.74 0.04 576.5 2413 52.00 965 8.1
Wodgina WODGINA - 158.d 65.7 2.45 1650 2.4 215 18.3 2164 11318 2031 0.7 0.495 3.12 0.03 585.7 2408 52.60 978 7.03
Wodgina WODGINA - 159.d 64.4 3.05 1200 2.3 220 18.8 2047 11250 1866 0.96 1.13 1.98 0.09 569.1 2341 50.30 961 7.61
Wodgina WODGINA - 160.d 63.9 2.4 1300 2.2 265 18.7 2039 11210 1905 0.9 0.5 3.27 0.05 587 2395 54.10 951 6.71332 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 86 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
Wodgina WODGINA - 115.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 116.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 117.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 118.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 119.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 120.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 121.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 122.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 123.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 124.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 125.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 126.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 127.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 128.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 129.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 130.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 131.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 132.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 133.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 134.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 135.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 136.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 138.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 139.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 140.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 141.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 142.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 143.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 144.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 145.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 146.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 147.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 148.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 149.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 150.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 151.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 152.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 153.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 154.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 155.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 156.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 157.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 158.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 159.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 160.dHf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
31.1 473.1 5724 3.9 402 99.6 12.6 0.01 0.00 170.7 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
31.8 483.9 5712 3.6 367.7 90.5 8.26 0.03 0.01 166.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
33.7 479.5 5961 2.25 362.6 86.5 2.99 0.06 0.02 160.1 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
32.2 477.7 6401 6.8 393 101.1 17.5 0.01 0.00 164.1 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
32.3 482.9 6166 1.59 345.3 77.6 0.055 0.03 0.01 158.7 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
32.3 492.4 6130 2.25 359 82.4 2.09 0.01 0.01 161.4 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
37.1 552.9 7100 1.05 369 81.3 0.039 0.02 0.02 160.4 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
31.4 433.4 5524 2 361 79.8 0.036 0.02 0.02 163.6 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
32 460.8 6656 1.55 365.8 83.9 1.66 0.02 0.14 164.3 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
32 466.7 6481 1.3 379.1 86.4 0.0455 0.02 0.01 161.2 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
32.6 434.6 5870 1.05 364 81.3 0.291 0.02 0.01 162.2 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
32.5 427.9 6153 1 382.3 85.6 0.0345 0.01 0.01 164.8 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
32.2 392.3 5671 1.55 386 87.4 0.043 0.01 0.01 168.5 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
32.2 415.4 5600 1.25 389 88.9 0.156 0.02 0.01 168.8 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
31.9 415.4 5940 0.7 379 85.9 0.0475 0.00 0.07 166.8 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
34 437.1 7106 1.05 379 85.2 0.0455 0.01 0.02 172.8 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
30.8 443 13920 1.8 400 84.1 2.47 0.03 0.10 163.4 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
29.5 409.8 13080 2 345 71.2 0.04 0.02 0.02 159.9 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
30.2 346.4 12210 2.05 354 73.2 0.154 0.00 0.06 156.3 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
31.1 341.7 12640 9.4 408.5 96.7 19.9 0.04 0.05 170.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
28.5 340.6 13630 1 348 71.4 0.043 0.03 0.09 152.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
28.1 382.4 14130 1.65 336.4 69.2 0.038 0.04 0.02 147.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
27.07 299.1 11440 2.1 359 72 0.096 0.00 0.04 154.9 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
28.6 284.8 11930 1 359 74.6 0.055 0.03 0.25 159.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
27.8 290.9 12640 1.95 372.3 75.3 0.03 0.03 0.01 160.1 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
29.13 317.5 14580 1.25 359.6 74 0.034 0.04 0.01 154.4 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
28.9 322.9 13880 2.15 378 78.2 0.06 0.03 0.01 163.1 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
28.5 321.6 13240 35.2 452 148.9 78.7 0.07 0.06 182.5 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
28 304.7 13160 1.2 365 73.3 0.026 0.03 0.02 156.4 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
27.06 306.3 12400 1.2 354 74.8 0.032 0.03 0.05 156.9 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
28.7 297.3 12760 1.35 351 70.5 0.0355 0.01 0.01 155.6 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
27.85 287.4 13340 0.9 361.8 72.2 0.07 0.01 0.01 152.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
28.43 293.5 13290 1.75 360.2 74.4 0.042 0.01 0.00 156.4 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
29.9 294.5 13240 6.7 376.9 87.2 14.7 0.03 0.00 156.9 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
28.2 291.7 13350 1.2 352 71.5 0.04 0.01 0.01 154.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
27.5 282.5 12940 1.1 328 66.5 0.0325 0.02 0.01 153.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
27.1 295.6 12540 0.9 362.3 73.9 0.031 0.00 0.01 158.8 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
32.9 310.6 9390 0.55 217.4 56.3 0.94 0.03 0.01 160.3 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
33.3 327.7 10270 0.95 299.9 77.6 0.048 0.05 0.01 156.1 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
32.4 322.6 10440 0.9 276 71.7 0.09 0.01 0.01 153.3 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
32.1 293.9 8450 1.3 282.6 72.9 0.344 0.01 0.01 156.2 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
32 335.2 9540 0.9 300 74.3 0.0335 0.04 0.01 155.8 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
33.3 322.9 9340 2.1 304.9 78.9 0.065 0.00 0.02 163.4 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
32 308.8 9310 0.95 299.4 77.8 0.038 0.06 0.01 157.8 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
33.7 312.7 9050 0.55 300.5 78.8 0.0295 0.04 0.05 164.8 9 2 pegmatite PilbaraAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 333Appendix C Table 1 Page 87 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
Wodgina WODGINA - 161.d 65.3 2.95 1200 2.0 260 17.97 2063 11080 2061 0.59 0.5 3.2 0.05 572.2 2356 53.10 985 7.84
Wodgina WODGINA - 162.d 60.9 2.6 1400 3.4 170 18.8 2099 10960 2280 0.7 1.12 3 0.03 584 2369 52.40 984 7.12
Wodgina WODGINA - 163.d 67 3.05 800 2.6 215 18.4 2170 11020 2458 0.265 1 3.03 0.08 585 2382 50.70 1014 8.02
Wodgina WODGINA - 164.d 70.8 3.45 1000 2.3 215 20.1 2201 10680 2391 0.26 0.7 3.41 0.04 576.6 2368 54.10 984 7.22
Wodgina WODGINA - 165.d 64.2 3.7 1900 2.2 240 19 2281 10680 4120 0.55 1.2 3.88 0.10 580.1 2401 54.00 1038 7.52
Wodgina WODGINA - 166.d 69.3 3.35 1200 1.8 225 19.8 2130 11260 2240 0.55 1.65 3.8 0.03 572.5 2383 53.20 1003 7.61
Wodgina WODGINA - 167.d 144 486 1650 2.5 220 22 2694 13800 20200 13 4.96 140 1.20 594.7 2409 55.50 1004 6.8
Wodgina WODGINA - 168.d 71.1 7.8 2050 1.5 140 19.7 2404 10180 4980 0.26 0.85 2.86 0.13 590.6 2308 51.10 949 8.08
Wodgina WODGINA - 169.d 63.9 3.5 1000 2.2 185 19.5 2280 9800 5420 0.7 0.48 3.72 0.10 586.4 2320 55.10 892 6.94
Wodgina WODGINA - 170.d 180 274 2050 1.8 230 22.6 2278 10036 4010 9 2.71 8.3 1.11 574.9 2331 54.80 903 6.81
Wodgina WODGINA - 171.d 609 790 1600 2.4 180 31.2 2361 11010 6900 29.1 3.89 15 4.45 594.5 2406 51.90 959 7.49
Wodgina WODGINA - 172.d 82 12 1300 3.1 215 18.2 2219 11290 2490 0.25 0.86 6.2 0.05 565.5 2329 53.50 898 7.17
Wodgina WODGINA - 173.d 66.1 4.3 1550 2.4 220 18.95 2155 11110 2247 1.05 0.7 2.91 0.06 570.3 2428 52.60 888 6.91
Wodgina WODGINA - 174.d 65.3 2.9 1850 1.6 245 19 2154 11370 2272 0.495 1 3.3 0.06 565.2 2525 48.80 985 8.12
Wodgina WODGINA - 175.d 60.2 3.85 1400 2.9 125 19.2 2159 11290 2474 0.24 1.4 5.1 0.05 574 2499 48.60 882 7.48
Wodgina WODGINA - 176.d 149 85 1850 3.3 270 18.7 2044 11140 2000 5.1 2 8.5 0.11 583.4 2600 48.60 933 7.39
Wodgina WODGINA - 178.d 65.9 3.2 950 10.0 170 19.1 2209 11558 2306 1.5 1.48 3.7 0.07 599.7 2847 49.90 1079 8.43
Wodgina WODGINA - 179.d 70.3 2.2 1800 8.5 200 18.6 2124 11220 2242 0.8 0.55 3.5 0.04 570 2663 49.70 999 8.37
Wodgina WODGINA - 180.d 132 66 1100 6.5 160 18.7 2181 11040 2171 0.65 1.16 2.76 0.03 562.6 2495 52.50 907 8.37
Wodgina WODGINA - 181.d 63.5 1.85 1500 6.0 195 18.5 2171 10970 2010 1.35 1.22 2.88 0.01 568.4 2479 53.20 854 6.75
Wodgina WODGINA - 182.d 54.2 2.55 950 11.6 205 19.1 2162 11110 2018 0.6 1.25 2.69 0.02 572 2553 51.80 915 8.57
Wodgina WODGINA - 183.d 66.5 4.05 1350 6.5 200 17.6 2121 10750 2301 0.47 1.48 2.8 0.05 578.9 2731 54.80 958 7.65
Wodgina WODGINA - 184.d 61.3 3.05 1750 7.5 205 18.9 2063 10650 2317 0.6 1.12 3.05 0.02 583.8 2728 59.70 961 8
Wodgina WODGINA - 185.d 66.2 3.5 1450 8.5 255 17.7 2007 10690 2240 0.305 0.85 2.32 0.03 574.8 2638 52.70 900 8.32
Wodgina WODGINA - 186.d 66.6 2.15 1800 6.0 125 18.9 2046 10810 1981 0.8 1.25 3.8 0.05 589.3 2543 60.40 926 7.99
Wodgina WODGINA - 187.d 730 540 3500 8.0 180 18.6 2016 10900 2730 62 12.4 47.6 0.27 585 2546 58.50 915 7.98
Wodgina WODGINA - 188.d 73.1 3.95 1100 8.0 310 18.6 2021 10790 1893 0.285 0.495 2.85 0.01 571.5 2537 57.50 893 8.08
Wodgina WODGINA - 189.d 63.8 3.6 1200 10.5 155 19 2195 10320 2520 0.46 0.95 2.14 0.04 568.7 2530 56.40 916 8.62
Wodgina WODGINA - 190.d 102 28 1700 9.0 215 15.71 2383 9124 2500 2.6 1.11 4.3 0.09 572 2606 56.80 908 8.81
Wodgina WODGINA - 191.d 68.6 3.35 1000 6.5 140 17.2 2062 10910 2448 0.6 0.94 2.8 0.04 570.8 2611 59.10 873 8.06
Wodgina WODGINA - 192.d 61.8 4 1550 8.5 265 18.5 2058 10820 2313 1 0.94 3.62 0.07 578 2718 59.30 847 7.61
Wodgina WODGINA - 193.d 416 431 5500 26.0 550 22.9 2536 8810 6340 29.4 19.2 14.7 2.15 584.1 2959 56.40 1141 17.1
Wodgina WODGINA - 195.d 65 2.6 1400 5.5 330 18.8 2175 10925 2430 0.73 3.28 4.4 0.03 583.2 2947 61.80 844 7.6
Wodgina WODGINA - 196.d 310 158 1900 9.5 235 18.4 2053 11280 2050 13.4 2.24 7.3 0.10 574.9 3003 63.00 843 8.52
Wodgina WODGINA - 197.d 65.1 3.6 1450 8.0 220 17.7 2111 10780 2260 0.95 1.14 3.41 0.03 570.2 2939 59.40 783 7.76
Wodgina WODGINA - 198.d 68.2 2.3 1200 7.0 220 17.7 2095 11340 2104 0.28 1.21 3.19 0.04 578.7 2925 55.80 751 7.69
Wodgina WODGINA - 199.d 64.3 4.9 1750 9.0 250 16.56 2076 10908 2208 0.39 1.21 4.8 0.05 572.6 2942 59.30 732 7.3
Wodgina WODGINA - 200.d 63.7 3.05 1550 8.5 190 18 2221 10550 2300 0.75 1.19 2.1 0.03 565.6 2885 55.90 729 7.16
Wodgina WODGINA - 201.d 63 2.5 1200 8.0 240 16.9 2083 11146 2039 0.65 0.85 3.61 0.03 571.5 3003 57.00 704 6.25
Wodgina WODGINA - 202.d 67.3 2.4 1300 7.0 195 19.3 2042 11190 1684 0.3 0.7 3.23 0.03 565.5 3213 57.90 797 6.63
Wodgina WODGINA - 203.d 65.7 3.25 1400 7.5 130 15.05 2173 9460 1979 1 0.5 3.36 0.02 560.4 3689 54.10 849 5.95
Wodgina WODGINA - 204.d 64.2 6.8 1800 10.5 155 17.25 2057 11010 2322 0.37 1.24 2.35 0.06 570.5 3872 55.90 943 4.98
Wodgina WODGINA - 205.d 59 4.2 1950 10.5 150 17.17 2014 11148 2300 0.95 1.38 1.76 0.04 568.3 4063 56.00 978 4.7
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 21 55 55 4150 4.0 1200 26.3 2214 10300 2260 9.5 3.5 6 0.03 592 2983 54.40 475 4.1
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 22 48.5 44 4050 1.7 1450 19 2085 11430 1860 12.5 4.95 4.95 0.32 589 3019 58.40 535 4.9334 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 88 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
Wodgina WODGINA - 161.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 162.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 163.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 164.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 165.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 166.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 167.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 168.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 169.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 170.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 171.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 172.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 173.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 174.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 175.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 176.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 178.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 179.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 180.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 181.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 182.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 183.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 184.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 185.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 186.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 187.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 188.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 189.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 190.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 191.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 192.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 193.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 195.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 196.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 197.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 198.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 199.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 200.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 201.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 202.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 203.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 204.d
Wodgina WODGINA - 205.d
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 21
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 22Hf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
32.4 307.3 8700 0.8 307.9 80.1 0.0425 0.02 0.01 161.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
33 312.6 8850 0.95 302 78.8 0.055 0.03 0.01 164.2 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
33.8 305.2 9630 1.3 318.3 82.3 0.046 0.02 0.00 165.3 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
32.7 306.7 8790 1 306.3 78.2 0.0245 0.04 0.03 162.5 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
34.3 313.4 9050 1.3 322.6 84.5 0.319 0.07 0.01 168.6 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
32.8 322.5 9820 0.95 317.3 82.3 0.055 0.02 0.01 162.6 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
34.2 290.8 9350 4.5 313.7 91.8 12.4 0.00 0.01 159.1 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
32.5 299.2 10520 1.6 306.3 78.3 0.042 0.00 0.01 160.6 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
32.5 273.7 8950 1.65 289 76.8 0.0345 0.02 0.01 157.7 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
31.3 288.4 8710 3.2 303.4 86.2 7.5 0.04 0.02 165.2 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
33.1 321.7 9800 15.4 342 128.5 58 0.05 0.01 185.2 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
31.4 312 9830 0.8 291.9 77.6 0.065 0.02 0.00 155.2 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
31.9 295.1 8550 1.2 289.8 76 0.043 0.09 0.01 156.7 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
32.1 305.8 9170 0.9 316.2 80.5 0.0415 0.00 0.00 158.5 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
31.9 308.3 8850 1.1 280.5 72.6 0.031 0.04 0.01 156.6 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
31.5 310.9 8590 4.1 325 95.4 17.5 0.04 0.01 164.5 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
34.9 383.2 13770 3.25 357.1 83.3 0.0475 0.00 0.01 151.7 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
32.7 364.9 12020 1.55 374 86.5 0.055 0.01 0.01 157.2 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
32.1 352.9 11440 2.3 357 84.1 0.033 0.02 0.01 155.3 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
31.3 353.5 11160 3.15 304.4 69.8 0.099 0.03 0.03 156.8 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
32 325 11630 2.3 363.6 83.7 0.048 0.01 0.01 154.1 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
32.2 335.3 10770 2.7 380 87.6 0.0345 0.03 0.01 160.7 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
32.4 335.7 10740 2.2 381 88.5 0.0255 0.01 0.01 158.9 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
32.4 315.2 10090 2.65 361.8 83.6 0.042 0.01 0.01 158.3 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
32.6 298.7 10440 1.65 377 86.5 0.038 0.02 0.01 157.5 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
29.7 291.8 10590 2.8 361.1 89.7 6.48 0.06 0.02 154.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
34.25 314 10140 0.7 365.8 85 0.044 0.02 0.01 155.9 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
32.4 418.4 12780 2.45 359.6 84.6 0.0395 0.04 0.01 153.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
33.5 453.7 12140 3.15 368.5 89.7 1.86 0.01 0.01 153.4 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
32.4 452.8 11800 1.95 356 83.9 0.0355 0.00 0.01 150.9 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
33.2 470.5 11160 2.15 352.3 81.1 0.0435 0.03 0.00 148.9 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
32.7 463 11680 56 459 157 73 0.26 0.04 147.1 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
34.9 510.1 12300 2.5 377.4 88 0.066 0.04 0.01 156.2 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
33.4 504 11040 3.55 385.2 90.5 0.44 0.02 0.02 154.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
32.3 480.1 10980 2.85 371 85.7 0.065 0.03 0.01 153.9 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
32.5 469.1 10720 1.15 366.5 84.7 0.0385 0.02 0.02 154.5 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
32.3 458.6 9730 3.65 365 84.7 0.0365 0.02 0.01 154.4 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
32.2 453.6 10670 2.7 367 85.6 0.0375 0.02 0.01 153.9 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
32.4 454.6 9630 2 312.8 73.1 0.119 0.02 0.00 155.7 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
32.3 429.9 9630 2.35 360.5 84.4 0.039 0.03 0.01 150.9 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
34.4 457.8 9040 3.3 297 69.7 0.055 0.04 0.01 122.4 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
35.7 430.5 8510 1.5 299.6 68.8 0.07 0.02 0.01 124.9 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
34.1 409.2 7920 2.05 299.2 70.2 0.07 0.02 0.00 123.4 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
36.1 441 8930 2.45 393 89.9 0.215 0.02 0.08 159.1 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
34.1 513 9300 2.9 399 96.9 0.33 0.08 0.08 156.0 9 2 pegmatite PilbaraAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 335Appendix C Table 1 Page 89 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 23 111 30.5 7000 3.5 1000 15.3 2072 10800 2490 8.5 4.8 5.5 0.23 542 3002 56.80 529 4.62
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 24 65 454 6500 0.5 1600 19.4 2522 16060 9280 8.5 4.05 45 0.24 592 3077 54.80 495 3.58
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 25 120 47.5 4600 3.1 1300 19 2173 11230 3010 11 3.55 6 0.11 593 2839 49.60 462 3.53
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 26 55 34.5 5000 0.5 1000 16 2139 10690 2150 11.5 2.2 6 0.21 557 2748 63.10 424 4.7
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 27 136 33 5000 3.8 1300 16.2 2104 11360 3080 9.5 3.85 6 0.06 574 2797 54.80 456 4.7
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 28 114 34.5 6000 1.0 1200 11.4 2105 11190 2190 12 6 7.5 0.11 582 2880 51.20 488 5
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 29 50 30.5 6000 2.5 900 13.3 2134 11430 2520 7.5 3.3 4.6 0.22 605 3108 42.80 633 4.6
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 30 75 44.5 6000 4.1 1350 13.4 2395 9680 2610 8 4.1 5 0.59 615 3401 42.00 699 9.9
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 31 80 60 5500 4.6 1500 15.9 2214 9930 2550 7.5 3.25 6.5 0.10 609 3655 40.80 709 8.9
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 32 191 49.5 7000 1.0 1800 12.3 2133 11000 1950 6 4.5 7 0.29 599 3436 48.90 707 8.7
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 33 1000 5400 10000 4.2 2350 50 3160 10730 35000 131 78 66 12.80 708 4000 49.00 1019 13.2
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 34 90 46 5500 1.1 1250 13.3 2151 11140 2480 10 4.1 7.5 0.22 638 3141 53.70 608 6.8
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 35 48.5 44.5 9500 3.4 1750 25.2 2136 11330 2140 10 5 6 0.12 574 2791 53.00 494 5.6
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 36 131 27.5 3850 3.6 1050 14.4 2185 11330 2320 7 5 4.65 0.24 564 2677 58.30 500 6.8
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 37 55 55 6500 0.5 1000 20.9 2126 11270 1730 15.5 8 6 0.11 591 2748 54.30 521 5.5
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 38 131 45.5 5500 4.6 1200 19.5 2055 11550 2370 19.5 5 12.1 0.31 622 2893 63.50 620 8.4
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 39 173 135 4400 3.7 1250 22.3 2240 11380 2800 10 4.3 4.85 1.04 591 2640 50.80 500 5
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 40 55 36.5 6000 0.7 1700 17 2163 11290 700 10 3.75 2.95 0.12 576 2692 55.60 547 5.1
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 21 128 31.5 4550 4.4 1650 22.7 2194 9490 2120 9 9 6 0.11 578 2494 56.40 491 5.8
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 22 1390 1340 5500 4.1 1450 17.3 2156 10250 5310 28 4.7 4.45 3.00 564 2425 60.50 511 4.5
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 23 149 38 6500 1.3 950 15.1 2178 10520 3040 7.5 6 4.4 0.11 561 2385 56.90 523 7
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 24 140 55 8000 1.6 1600 22.9 2140 9920 2170 7.5 6.5 6.5 0.18 574 2447 61.80 517 6.2
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 25 102 43 6500 0.2 1450 18.4 2195 10340 3420 8.5 7.5 5.5 0.22 587 2420 53.30 565 5.6
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 26 75 35 6000 0.1 1300 16.6 2136 9980 2340 8.5 6.5 6 0.11 566 2391 58.40 498 5.4
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 27 75 40.5 7000 5.3 1750 22.9 2541 8410 4630 7 6.5 29 0.05 592 2501 59.60 552 6.3
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 28 80 33 5500 0.7 1400 16.5 2150 10560 1720 11.5 4.8 5.5 0.20 583 2496 51.70 566 5.4
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 29 172 29 6500 0.3 2000 15.5 2191 10120 1870 13.5 4.7 6 0.12 577 2496 51.30 579 6.3
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 30 135 43.5 7000 4.8 1700 19.9 2302 10250 2000 5 8.5 4.3 0.37 575 2505 53.30 646 7.1
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 31 180 36 4500 6.0 1700 18.7 2088 10260 2250 9 6 2.05 0.21 549 2377 47.20 550 5.1
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 32 137 45.5 7500 4.3 1400 18.9 2170 10350 2480 18 7 5.5 0.12 575 2440 56.00 589 6.6
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 33 143 55 6000 5.3 1250 7.5 2511 9970 14500 8.5 4 19.7 0.22 567 2441 51.90 598 5.76
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 34 55 39.5 4700 2.7 1450 12.5 2161 10480 2980 9 6.5 7 0.24 589 2414 53.40 591 6.8
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 35 150 45 9000 2.7 1700 14.2 2244 10590 1590 14 4.6 5.5 0.11 577 2361 56.80 550 7.9
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 36 128 55 6000 8.6 1450 26.4 2167 10470 2210 7.5 6.5 7 0.03 587 2431 58.40 583 5.2
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 37 153 217 7000 4.1 1550 14.7 2408 10790 7200 12 7.5 105 0.18 577 2459 61.30 632 9
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 38 137 35 6000 0.7 1750 24.8 2269 10130 2080 13 4.7 7 0.03 583 2403 57.10 604 6.8
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 39 70 34.5 9000 8.4 1650 7 2133 10370 1900 15 6 4.25 0.27 586 2336 56.70 620 6.9
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 40 111 46 7500 0.6 1350 22.4 2031 10420 1590 11 3.1 4.3 0.24 576 2349 52.50 566 4.5
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 21 70 55 8500 1.0 1450 18.9 2396 9000 2620 10 5.5 9 0.12 570 2900 68.00 569 7.8
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 22 157 40 6000 1.4 1550 6 2199 10270 2430 8.5 4.2 7 0.21 583 2890 54.00 535 6.2
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 23 169 48.5 8500 6.6 1750 19.3 2226 10400 4970 9 6.5 5.5 0.13 587 2930 58.40 561 7.7
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 24 141 42 11000 7.1 1400 21 2270 10540 2760 8.5 4.55 7.5 0.25 573 2824 61.30 573 5.7
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 25 122 60 7500 0.6 1650 25.3 2263 10240 2550 20.5 6.5 6.5 0.13 572 2733 55.10 560 7.5
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 26 135 43 5500 4.7 1750 18 2060 10320 2460 11 7 6 0.26 576 2704 63.50 561 6.3
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 27 48.5 50 6500 7.0 1050 13.8 2050 10170 2470 12 6 3.55 0.33 578 2557 57.30 522 6.8336 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 90 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 23
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 24
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 25
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 26
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 27
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 28
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 29
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 30
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 31
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 32
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 33
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 34
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 35
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 36
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 37
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 38
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 39
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 40
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 21
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 22
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 23
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 24
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 25
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 26
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 27
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 28
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 29
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 30
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 31
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 32
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 33
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 34
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 35
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 36
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 37
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 38
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 39
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 40
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 21
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 22
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 23
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 24
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 25
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 26
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 27Hf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
34.6 373 8670 1.65 313 77.2 0.185 0.00 0.05 130.5 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
37.4 498 8950 3.4 323 83 0.41 0.02 0.06 145.2 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
38.3 476 9730 2 351 90.8 0.325 0.02 0.25 150.7 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
34.3 417 7730 3.7 333 87.5 0.265 0.00 0.02 144.9 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
34.4 420 8890 3.05 358 93.3 0.27 0.01 0.14 150.8 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
34.2 415 8240 1.55 354 96.9 0.23 0.07 0.06 154.7 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
36.2 408 9330 2.2 364 97.1 0.165 0.12 0.05 150.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
42.8 458 10710 2.85 288 81.1 0.73 0.02 0.05 134.4 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
40.6 445 9740 1.95 292 79.5 0.25 0.00 0.23 133.4 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
43.4 481 9770 1.8 297 84.6 0.315 0.09 0.26 140.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
52.2 749 14670 20.1 386 186 101 0.40 0.54 168.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
36.5 468 10140 2.8 347 100.5 0.295 0.02 0.26 161.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
33.1 451 10390 3.15 296 89 0.225 0.00 0.06 149.2 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
34.6 422 8900 2.55 307 93 0.18 0.00 0.08 145.2 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
34.8 438 9910 2.5 285 79.5 0.28 0.00 0.08 146.5 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
35.3 463 11090 2.45 330 94.2 0.365 0.02 0.03 147.8 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
36.8 453 10680 2.8 301 90.8 4.8 0.00 0.03 159.6 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
35.8 440 9620 2.3 335 90.3 0.385 0.00 0.05 155.8 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
28 389 7780 4.25 344 68.5 0.37 0.05 0.07 147.3 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
31.5 396 7790 2.6 363 71.3 2.86 0.00 0.04 149.7 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
29.9 391 8740 3.2 361 70.6 0.24 0.00 0.06 143.3 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
29.8 368 7790 2.75 406 74.8 0.285 0.00 0.09 152.7 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
29.8 373 7770 1 431 75 0.385 0.00 0.09 151.3 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
30.2 354.6 7570 3.3 390 64.3 0.3 0.10 0.03 146.2 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
30 382 8170 3.1 454 87.9 1.65 0.00 0.01 156.4 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
33.7 364 7830 3.4 430 72.2 0.3 0.06 0.08 155.3 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
29.6 412 8320 3.6 458 73.8 0.285 0.00 0.03 159.5 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
31.3 459 9390 3.75 516 84.5 0.37 0.06 0.03 160.1 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
28.7 367 9010 2.25 436 66.8 0.3 0.05 0.09 143.1 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
33.1 318 8850 3.9 458 67.9 0.22 0.07 0.06 148.1 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
31.4 312 8930 4.8 441 66.5 0.285 0.00 0.10 148.1 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
36.1 322.9 9620 2.85 493 72.9 0.26 0.08 0.08 157.6 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
34.2 307 9720 2.5 449 67.5 0.305 0.21 0.08 157.7 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
35.2 325 10260 4.5 456 69.6 0.31 0.06 0.03 162.3 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
37.8 326 8500 5.3 495 75.6 0.39 0.12 0.03 162.9 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
34 319.7 10630 3.85 452 68.5 0.265 0.06 0.03 160.4 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
37.1 322.1 11030 4.75 453 73.2 0.2 0.22 0.04 157.4 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
31.6 324 9740 3.15 397 62 0.34 0.04 0.07 159.3 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
37 514 9510 6 474 71.8 0.415 0.00 0.07 158.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
35.1 497 9680 3.55 428 73.6 0.27 0.14 0.08 157.3 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
35 519 10110 4.05 445 74.1 0.255 0.03 0.06 162.3 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
32.1 474 9840 3.5 412 69 0.42 0.00 0.05 155.8 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
37.2 471 10640 3.55 360 68.6 0.285 0.11 0.03 153.9 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
35.8 454 9100 3.45 360 69.5 0.335 0.31 0.06 158.3 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
31.5 430 8910 1.5 328 61.6 0.195 0.17 0.01 157.9 9 2 pegmatite PilbaraAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 337Appendix C Table 1 Page 91 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 28 80 47.5 6000 7.7 1800 24.4 2100 10680 2410 10 3.55 7.5 0.12 587 2569 56.70 565 5.8
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 29 149 36.5 6000 6.7 1400 22.6 2118 10280 1890 12.5 3.35 8 0.12 577 2550 60.00 579 6.9
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 30 179 32.5 6000 0.3 1250 16.4 2071 10250 1930 8 2.7 5.5 0.23 587 2598 62.40 532 4.7
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 31 164 750 10000 0.4 1500 23.4 2873 14510 16600 15.5 6.5 193 1.11 587 2598 57.80 606 5.4
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 32 114 40 9500 3.6 1450 23 2347 8440 2520 14.5 8 6 0.12 574 2514 60.40 574 7.2
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 33 139 30.5 6500 6.7 1500 17.4 2140 9790 1750 4.4 5 6 0.12 560.6 2445 51.40 535 6.8
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 34 113 46.5 6000 3.3 1400 17.8 2099 9730 1800 13.5 5.5 4.55 0.11 566 2483 55.10 591 6.4
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 35 155 42 6000 0.8 1050 24.9 2100 10440 1670 12 4.9 5 0.21 562 2408 55.10 575 5.4
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 36 117 38 6000 11.4 1400 18.2 1994 10580 1670 7.5 4.15 6.5 0.23 563.9 2477 51.70 607 7.4
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 37 60 37.5 7000 1.7 1300 19.5 2060 10190 2610 16 5.5 10 0.12 581 2495 57.10 599 6.9
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 38 141 39 9500 6.4 1250 20.2 2200 9850 2060 10.5 6 6.5 0.23 565 2450 53.30 579 6.3
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 39 183 36 6000 0.3 1350 18.2 2211 10300 1930 15.5 5 7 0.15 559 2411 50.80 564 6.6
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 40 107 27 7000 1.8 850 19.5 2029 10160 2010 9 5.5 6 0.22 567 2368 46.80 558 7.6
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 21 75 44 6000 3.7 1100 11.9 2199 10890 2560 11.5 7.5 7.5 0.15 551 3502 46.20 573 3.61
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 22 145 43.5 7500 7.0 950 20.7 2203 10870 2270 14 6.5 7.5 0.18 559 3560 47.40 564 3.85
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 23 102 30 6500 7.7 1700 12.8 2125 10860 2240 9 7.5 5.5 0.22 567 3703 47.70 541 2.75
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 24 50 50 7000 7.4 1250 16.2 2052 10460 1400 9 8.5 6.5 0.22 572 3936 48.00 600 4.7
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 25 133 37.5 6000 2.9 1200 18.8 1929 10670 2140 12 6.5 5.5 0.11 589 4080 42.40 582 4.1
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 26 60 37 7000 7.6 1150 18.1 2022 10020 2110 9 6 6.5 0.13 595 4025 27.80 609 2.3
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 27 154 34 8500 6.2 1050 5 2020 8840 1720 11.5 10 6 0.25 576 4119 26.30 640 3.89
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 28 5800 4500 7500 6.5 1350 15 2070 9640 8100 13.5 7.5 25 0.29 585 4330 47.70 715 11.5
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 29 141 48 5000 1.0 1400 24.3 2015 10630 1630 12 4.8 6.5 0.05 568 3816 38.50 681 2.67
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 30 65 32 7000 11.0 2050 22.4 1945 10550 1690 12.5 7 8 0.03 586 3845 59.00 642 3.05
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 31 178 39 6000 11.0 1200 8.6 2093 11070 1760 10 7 9 0.26 586 3865 54.40 660 4.2
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 32 88 70 8000 1.0 1750 11.9 2009 10950 2130 9 4.7 6 0.24 579 3745 57.50 616 4.8
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 33 174 38 8500 9.7 1250 18 2110 11070 1920 10 8.5 8 0.19 569 3393 56.90 541 4.3
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 34 107 41.5 8000 0.6 1350 16.3 2181 11150 2180 11.5 7.5 6 0.12 572 2955 58.50 508 5.7
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 35 143 50 3150 1.0 1200 18.5 2225 10940 2180 11 5 5.5 0.23 573 2783 56.60 487 5.9
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 36 46 29 6500 5.0 1500 20.4 2145 11070 2920 10.5 7 6.5 0.12 580 2802 63.10 518 5.8
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 37 80 46.5 10500 11.0 1150 20.6 2151 11090 2920 7 6 9.5 0.17 572 2774 63.00 484 5.9
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 38 152 50 7500 6.0 1500 18 2207 10040 3140 10 11.5 7 0.26 578 2787 60.20 504 6.7
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 39 152 36.5 4750 5.3 2000 13.9 2140 10970 2210 9 6.5 9 0.23 594 2875 68.00 527 7.5
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 40 85 55 8500 1.0 1900 28.3 2255 11190 3040 9.5 7.5 2.7 0.16 591 2906 67.50 526 5.7
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 21 85 50 4950 11.0 1700 22.9 2192 11780 1500 9.5 6.5 3.55 0.28 586 3805 52.30 597 4
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 22 65 38.5 5500 8.4 1650 17.9 2207 11490 1160 9 6 6.5 0.33 580 3689 50.70 525 3.6
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 23 146 36.5 6500 9.0 1400 15.6 2168 11240 1780 8 5 5.5 0.27 588 3787 59.00 581 3.38
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 24 155 29.5 4400 8.9 1700 7 2186 11380 2130 6.5 4.65 3.8 0.12 584 3867 57.60 577 2.73
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 25 191 320 4350 7.9 1200 15.4 2307 14300 6800 10 5.5 103 0.13 586 4112 49.00 584 3.38
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 26 135 48 4700 9.4 1150 23.7 1971 10090 2420 10.5 6 3.8 0.23 586 3967 29.80 569 3
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 27 3910 2510 7000 7.4 1000 22.2 2060 10500 4400 19 5.5 6 0.27 581 4311 34.10 663 5
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 28 105 60 7000 20.0 1500 22 2059 10720 1790 10 6.5 2.65 0.14 595 4101 59.70 616 3.3
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 29 50 36 4950 9.3 1750 16.5 1958 10560 1150 9 6.5 9 0.13 591 3957 52.50 541 3.96
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 30 193 390 7000 8.4 1450 14.8 2269 15500 7600 11 5 134 0.34 589 4051 54.90 570 3.3
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 31 80 49.5 8000 6.0 1800 18.7 2179 10390 1720 9 5 5 0.13 582 3840 61.80 528 2.42
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 32 75 43 5000 11.0 1600 25.9 2240 11220 2250 9 5.5 6.5 0.12 570.9 3318 55.00 524 3.5338 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 92 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 28
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 29
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 30
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 31
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 32
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 33
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 34
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 35
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 36
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 37
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 38
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 39
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 40
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 21
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 22
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 23
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 24
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 25
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 26
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 27
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 28
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 29
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 30
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 31
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 32
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 33
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 34
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 35
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 36
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 37
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 38
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 39
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 40
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 21
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 22
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 23
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 24
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 25
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 26
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 27
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 28
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 29
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 30
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 31
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 32Hf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
37.1 435 8820 3.45 367 70.2 0.325 0.03 0.06 163.6 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
39.2 430 8650 1.8 351 71 0.42 0.00 0.01 162.1 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
33.9 427 8630 2.95 318 63.4 0.265 0.10 0.06 166.3 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
38 436 8770 3.75 320 66.3 3.7 0.05 0.07 159.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
35.8 420 9020 3.8 303 60.9 0.36 0.00 0.09 154.4 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
33.8 389 8860 2.45 269 59.7 0.255 0.12 0.08 147.8 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
33.9 392 8330 4.4 293 63.1 0.335 0.06 0.05 152.8 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
28.2 334 8420 4.7 291 67.8 0.275 0.05 0.10 150.2 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
34 320 8240 3.7 292 67.7 0.325 0.00 0.11 157.4 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
37.1 316.7 8470 3.2 291 66.9 0.25 0.00 0.09 155.4 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
34.6 336 9290 5 261 63.7 0.315 0.00 0.06 147.9 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
37.6 327 8770 3.1 244 64.8 0.315 0.00 0.06 150.5 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
37.3 311.6 7710 2.5 237.4 65.5 0.335 0.00 0.06 146.6 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
33 388 6670 2.85 211 59.3 0.5 0.03 0.09 123.3 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
38.8 398 7340 3.15 220 64.5 0.24 0.00 0.07 129.9 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
40.9 419 6170 2.35 202.8 61.6 0.3 0.07 0.07 128.2 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
37.2 373.8 5780 2.75 225 69.5 0.28 0.24 0.07 131.3 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
40.2 361 5020 3.25 213.1 65 0.235 0.00 0.08 127.5 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
38.6 358 4840 4.45 207 65.4 0.26 0.08 0.02 133.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
38.7 380 5480 2.6 225 71.1 0.225 0.00 0.03 129.2 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
39.1 369 5450 4.35 271 102.9 16.6 2.80 0.06 131.8 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
35.9 350 5500 4.05 228 69.2 0.225 0.00 0.09 132.4 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
38.5 378.1 5360 4.35 214.7 70.6 0.28 0.25 0.06 131.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
39.3 438 6890 3 237 79.7 0.22 0.38 0.09 139.4 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
39.6 457 7440 2.55 237 76.9 0.19 0.25 0.04 133.2 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
36.2 451 7930 3.25 245 88.4 0.21 0.00 0.05 134.9 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
36.6 435 8120 2.95 272 99 0.32 0.00 0.10 153.3 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
35.1 455 8520 6 268 93 0.26 0.00 0.04 154.4 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
33.1 455 8710 4.95 285 99 0.32 0.90 0.06 155.3 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
33.6 469 8790 2.75 290 102.6 0.28 1.20 0.08 156.8 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
37 473 9090 4.1 292 99.8 0.25 2.30 0.09 161.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
38.4 496 9990 5.5 309 106.1 0.29 0.70 0.08 163.9 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
39.5 526 10230 7.1 299 104 0.34 0.01 0.09 165.1 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
39.3 443.5 8830 4.55 242 87.5 0.2 0.38 0.03 138.9 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
40.8 420 8650 4.35 235 83.9 0.285 4.00 0.12 142.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
42.8 422 7550 2.85 256 88.1 0.17 2.80 0.06 134.9 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
34.8 439 7700 3.65 244.8 84.5 0.195 0.01 0.04 134.6 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
41.1 377 5540 3.05 231.3 76.8 0.47 3.90 0.06 131.5 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
38.8 371 5860 3.8 221.2 73.3 0.245 5.50 0.09 128.9 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
40.7 368 7370 2.25 232 61.1 0.37 0.10 0.10 125.9 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
42.4 409 6900 6 251.9 74.7 0.36 3.30 0.06 138.4 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
39.1 397 6680 6.5 228 58.1 0.305 0.08 0.06 131.4 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
43.5 427 7020 4.15 214.6 58.7 0.3 0.07 0.06 128.2 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
43.2 441 7540 4 228 59.3 0.265 0.07 0.16 131.7 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
38.8 468 9320 5.5 273 71.4 0.36 0.10 0.08 149.7 9 2 pegmatite PilbaraAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 339Appendix C Table 1 Page 93 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 33 55 60 6500 10.0 1900 19.8 2303 10890 4640 8 6.5 8 0.10 595 3003 57.00 490 4.4
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 34 60 42.5 6000 2.0 1800 19.5 2131 10830 2230 6 3.35 4.7 0.09 566 2806 50.40 398 4.1
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 35 55 46.5 5000 10.3 750 21 2137 10880 2110 9.5 5 4.8 0.03 572 2813 54.10 408 6.2
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 36 132 36.5 5000 4.0 1300 15.7 2160 11410 3280 4.65 3.65 6 0.23 573 2834 52.80 488 5.5
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 37 49 31.5 8000 4.0 1350 19.4 2075 11300 2570 9 4.65 7 0.08 582 2905 50.70 491 3.49
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 38 97 34.5 7000 6.4 1350 18 2086 11200 1850 5 3.75 4.4 0.22 567 2888 50.60 516 5.4
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 39 149 38.5 7000 12.0 1300 23.3 2133 11200 1940 7.5 5.5 11.5 0.16 566 2824 52.40 557 5.9
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 40 60 33.5 5500 4.3 1450 17.4 2079 11230 1840 7 6 7 0.24 560 2834 47.00 515 5
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 21 132 60 5500 14.0 1450 16.8 2151 11290 1590 9 4.35 5.5 0.25 586 3813 42.90 558 3.8
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 22 137 47.5 7500 4.0 1750 16.3 2122 11160 2890 8.5 6 10 0.25 584 3797 53.60 584 3
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 23 134 29 6000 8.0 1650 24.4 2102 11530 5380 6.5 5.5 7.5 0.12 583 3935 55.10 605 3.3
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 24 145 42 6000 8.8 1350 17.8 2052 11060 1900 5.5 3.8 6 0.11 601 3880 49.40 570 3.67
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 25 141 33.5 6500 3.0 1150 25.5 2026 10900 4690 9 4.4 3.2 0.26 616 3928 53.60 572 3.92
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 26 84 30.5 4700 10.0 950 16.7 2002 10630 2310 2.2 4.25 5.5 0.12 590 4139 55.60 603 5.1
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 27 75 41.5 5000 9.8 1300 24.1 1970 11140 2480 4 4.55 5.5 0.13 596 3901 45.60 577 3.3
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 28 171 55 6000 1.0 1600 15.7 2042 11090 1850 5 5.5 8.5 0.13 602 3910 51.30 606 3.6
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 29 60 33 7000 12.0 1600 17.2 2128 11090 1570 7 6 10.4 0.06 588 3930 54.60 582 3.59
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 30 163 34.5 6000 14.0 1200 11 2158 10860 1940 9.5 4.45 9.5 0.22 594 3917 52.80 596 3.4
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 31 55 55 8000 7.0 2000 25.5 2121 11200 1620 9 3.95 11 0.14 603 3930 54.50 629 4.1
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 32 153 48 7500 3.0 1250 10 2184 11120 900 6 4.7 16.5 0.27 603 3965 48.10 603 3.44
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 33 65 47.5 7500 13.0 1550 16.1 2185 11590 1590 12 4.5 8 0.03 597 3901 51.10 673 3.43
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 34 176 325 9000 16.0 1200 21.2 2231 11260 7500 22 4.6 8 1.49 603 3817 46.80 636 2.93
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 35 60 35.5 6000 5.0 1250 16.6 2220 11390 2340 7.5 6 24 0.25 592 3617 51.10 565 3.6
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 36 70 39.5 5500 13.0 1000 22 2193 11510 1840 10 4.95 8.5 0.14 587 3323 56.10 584 4.3
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 37 70 46.5 5500 17.0 1200 13.9 2136 11380 1590 4.05 6 7.5 0.13 596 3018 61.00 513 5.4
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 38 189 42.5 7500 15.0 1200 31.4 2148 11020 1600 5.5 6 8.5 0.10 595 2765 53.00 477 5.4
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 39 80 44.5 8500 6.0 1400 19.3 2151 11040 2510 7.5 4.85 7 0.29 596 2776 59.30 444 5.1
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 40 65 43.5 6000 15.0 1500 12.3 2213 11250 2310 8 7.5 9.5 0.14 598 2844 51.60 513 3.9
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 21 55 36.5 6000 3.0 1750 15.9 2012 10990 800 10 4.85 5.5 0.19 567 3587 51.70 647 4.7
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 22 119 33.5 7000 18.0 1250 16.9 2079 10870 2280 7 5.5 4.5 0.22 613 3770 42.60 570 2.96
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 23 142 188 5500 13.0 1000 19.5 2134 12600 5010 7 5.5 62 0.22 608 3977 52.80 521 4.31
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 24 65 37.5 3650 13.0 1450 19.3 1956 10450 2500 7 5.5 6.5 0.28 598 3970 44.50 551 3.1
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 25 65 43 8000 13.0 1450 18.4 2116 10530 2480 7.5 5.5 8.5 0.26 645 4012 56.00 618 3.9
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 26 106 41 5000 13.0 1400 16 2027 10270 1550 6 6.5 8 0.19 599 3844 45.90 519 4
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 27 250 900 10500 23.0 1250 30.8 2640 17000 15200 17 8 313 1.53 609 3946 50.80 591 3.9
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 28 115 36 4950 11.0 1100 18.7 2063 10940 1710 5.5 6.5 8 0.21 597 3839 59.50 573 3.11
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 29 122 44.5 6500 1.0 1550 20.3 2008 10530 1110 8.5 6.5 10.4 0.11 595 3948 48.80 586 3.65
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 30 70 36 9500 26.0 1500 24.1 2049 10640 1940 10 10.6 7 0.14 596 3950 52.20 569 2.73
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 31 75 60 7500 20.0 1350 22.4 2033 11070 2010 6 7.5 10 0.18 592 3865 45.10 557 3.35
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 32 46.5 41 6000 17.0 1550 21.7 2083 10700 1770 8 7.5 6.5 0.08 604 3579 49.60 481 3.43
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 33 151 48.5 4150 6.0 1300 19.4 2129 10720 1690 6 7.5 6 0.24 599 3142 51.20 454 2.87
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 34 60 44.5 6000 19.0 1250 28.9 2354 10050 2730 7.5 4.3 7.5 0.25 588 2857 52.60 422 3.94
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 35 171 43.5 4350 16.0 1250 22.7 2185 10480 2180 5.5 5.5 9 0.25 603 2798 53.90 402 3.72
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 36 154 41 8500 12.0 1100 18.7 2156 9540 2450 5.5 7 7 0.25 583 2768 54.20 389 3.77
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 37 115 43.5 7500 1.0 1100 19.8 2226 10170 2160 7.5 6 7.5 0.26 601 2731 57.10 461 5.3340 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 94 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 33
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 34
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 35
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 36
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 37
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 38
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 39
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 40
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 21
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 22
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 23
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 24
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 25
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 26
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 27
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 28
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 29
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 30
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 31
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 32
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 33
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 34
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 35
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 36
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 37
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 38
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 39
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 40
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 21
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 22
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 23
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 24
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 25
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 26
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 27
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 28
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 29
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 30
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 31
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 32
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 33
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 34
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 35
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 36
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 37Hf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
37.9 438 8570 6 290 72.6 0.24 0.01 0.08 157.3 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
35.3 440 7870 5.5 248 62.6 0.285 0.05 0.08 146.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
33.5 451 7810 3.3 248 58.5 0.255 2.00 0.03 147.9 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
36.4 433 8150 6 280 67 0.305 3.90 0.05 145.3 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
39.8 460 8480 1.6 242 55.1 0.39 1.90 0.13 143.5 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
31.4 433 8120 4.15 231 52.5 0.305 0.05 0.02 140.1 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
31.8 450 8660 1.8 274 64.4 0.22 0.05 0.06 149.2 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
33.6 460 9360 5.5 241.6 55 0.25 0.05 0.06 140.7 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
39.4 435 7770 3.75 210 48 0.28 3.50 0.03 132.9 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
35.3 448 7680 3.85 242 52.2 0.21 0.12 0.10 139.1 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
38.2 383 6760 5.5 230.9 48.1 0.32 5.30 0.08 135.1 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
35.7 353 5500 3.45 226 48.4 0.23 4.90 0.05 128.8 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
37 349 5560 6.5 220.2 49.5 0.255 5.10 0.12 131.9 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
38.6 369 5240 4.75 224 47.9 0.28 5.40 0.08 124.9 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
40.4 378 6740 4.4 213.8 49.6 0.205 0.70 0.06 131.3 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
39.2 390 6480 3.15 221.7 52.3 0.16 2.10 0.06 130.6 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
34 389 6400 4.1 225 52.9 0.26 1.60 0.10 130.9 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
38.5 391 7240 7 234 55.4 0.415 0.00 0.10 131.7 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
38.9 427 7390 4.25 241 59.2 0.275 0.00 0.03 136.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
36.2 433 7810 3.15 233 55.8 0.225 0.00 0.07 140.1 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
39 439 8620 3.2 257 67.2 0.275 0.00 0.14 138.9 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
36.2 451 8370 4.7 250 78.4 20 0.29 0.11 143.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
36.4 465 8380 2.6 233 71 0.27 0.18 0.05 127.5 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
37.2 466 8760 3.15 253 73.1 0.32 0.14 0.06 141.3 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
32.5 464 8960 4.6 281 83.9 0.34 0.23 0.08 155.1 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
32.5 446 9270 2.25 265 78 0.29 0.83 0.04 153.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
35.1 468 9680 6 251.6 82.1 0.24 0.29 0.05 156.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
31.4 484 10030 5.5 285 88.4 0.33 0.08 0.09 160.4 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
33.5 422 8450 3.4 244 78.5 0.41 0.15 0.04 135.7 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
35.8 442 7750 3.85 236 74.7 0.26 0.10 0.07 142.8 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
36.3 382 5480 4.35 215 71.4 0.34 0.24 0.12 137.7 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
36.3 349 5390 1.85 207 65.7 0.29 0.30 0.06 129.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
35.1 383.6 6830 3.3 248.5 86.4 0.405 0.25 0.10 131.2 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
33 338.4 5400 3.25 193.2 68.1 0.26 0.10 0.08 116.6 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
37.8 335 6460 10.6 250 107.8 17.9 0.54 0.20 146.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
37.8 318 7110 4.35 237.4 82.7 0.455 0.39 0.02 133.8 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
38.8 348 5320 5 243 90.2 0.245 0.00 0.05 131.8 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
33.6 347 5310 3.35 218 77.6 0.55 0.37 0.03 126.5 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
37.8 438 6960 2.45 255 89.8 0.295 0.00 0.09 141.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
34.7 468 7760 4.05 225.1 75.1 0.405 0.00 0.07 131.3 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
33.5 449 8530 5.5 279 95.2 0.305 0.08 0.08 152.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
30.2 415 8330 1.9 276 90.7 0.39 0.00 0.03 151.7 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
32.1 416 7930 3.3 272 87.3 0.24 0.00 0.04 154.8 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
30.7 440 7650 2.75 273 89.9 0.315 0.12 0.06 147.4 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
29 428 8310 3.35 314 96.7 0.265 0.18 0.10 150.4 9 2 pegmatite PilbaraAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 341Appendix C Table 1 Page 95 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 38 55 37 7000 11.0 1800 18.7 2312 10470 2810 6.5 4.75 3.4 0.18 578 2735 58.50 452 4.9
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 39 83 38 7500 15.0 1150 25.3 2131 10850 3030 6 6 3.95 0.06 587 2714 54.00 426 4.8
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 40 128 44.5 7000 15.0 1800 27 2279 10320 2030 8 8.5 8.5 0.03 602 2775 52.50 463 4.2
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 21 146 44.5 6500 6.0 1100 19.2 2127 11000 1950 5.5 6 6.5 0.26 615 3886 48.40 571 2.02
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 22 116 34 6500 19.0 1050 21.7 2081 11170 1750 7.5 6.5 7.5 0.36 602 3826 45.30 554 3.7
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 23 50 33.5 6500 11.0 1450 26.5 2194 11500 2540 11 7.5 9 0.07 598 3536 44.20 521 2.66
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 24 111 40.5 5500 2.0 1700 25.2 2117 11170 2460 5 7.5 8 0.02 585 3186 46.80 468 2.9
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 25 160 31 4700 3.0 1450 23.6 2178 10260 1430 9.5 6 13 0.26 607 3186 52.90 466 3.91
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 26 284 493 9500 33.0 1550 23.9 2140 10670 3180 7 5.5 9.5 1.12 623 3067 49.90 498 4.3
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 27 55 41.5 7000 5.0 1150 16 2054 9960 2000 5.5 5.5 7.5 0.13 590 2753 56.90 428 3.8
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 28 169 920 7000 34.0 1100 25.2 2699 15600 14400 11 8.5 171 0.15 625 2911 58.00 452 3.6
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 29 125 36.5 5500 7500.0 950 20.8 2020 10900 2450 7.5 6 11.5 0.26 614 2840 52.90 407 4.2
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 30 153 41 9500 1750.0 1200 25.7 2060 10560 1340 8 6.5 11.5 0.29 624 2906 52.90 441 4.2
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 31 820 249 5500 1100.0 1200 22.7 2970 14400 92000 35 8 52 0.05 685 3241 55.50 513 4.4
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 32 155 41 7000 465.0 1650 21 2156 11190 2200 13.5 7 6 0.28 605 2865 47.10 444 4.6
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 33 175 38 8000 425.0 1700 18.1 2361 10570 9500 7.5 8 5 0.32 639 3067 60.10 489 4.5
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 34 108 37.5 6500 230.0 1500 19 2218 11050 1930 11.5 5 7.5 0.13 616 2945 48.20 485 6.2
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 35 137 45.5 5000 210.0 950 7 2384 11300 2000 9 8 10 0.28 595 2870 54.60 486 4.8
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 36 49 34 6500 250.0 1850 31 2238 11230 2050 9.5 9.5 9.5 0.19 605 2918 54.30 486 6.2
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 37 124 36 8500 265.0 1950 30.3 2087 11000 1840 13.5 9 8 0.25 590 2929 47.30 531 5.5
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 38 50 34.5 7500 180.0 1100 15.1 2098 11480 2050 11.5 4.6 4.9 0.21 576 2798 52.50 571 5.5
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 39 70 47.5 6500 180.0 1600 22.4 2151 10840 1860 12 6.5 9.8 0.18 570 2865 49.10 568 4.9
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 40 116 34.5 8000 120.0 1700 19.7 2161 10890 2160 7.5 5.5 8.5 0.36 583 2857 54.90 545 4.6
N17-08 N17-08.D.9 - 1 60 35 7000 1.8 1450 4.3 1259 38.5 2510 9.5 4.85 5.5 0.38 250.1 371 6.60 106.7 1.77
N17-08 N17-08.D.9 - 2 60 42 7000 4.0 1450 7 1269 43 2210 11.5 5 6 0.03 245.4 365 9.10 119 1.05
N17-08 N17-08.D.10 - 1 50 164 5500 4.0 2000 5 955 69 2390 9 4.65 11.5 0.14 244.6 536 8.80 98.5 3.29
N17-08 N17-08.D.10 - 2 75 231 7000 3.4 1150 6 907 66 2520 11 4.75 9 0.13 240.9 636 7.20 94.5 1.86
N17-08 N17-08.D.11 - 1 124 48 6000 4.1 1400 5.5 677 41 2640 11 3.7 7.5 0.25 248.9 793 7.60 104.5 2.12
N17-08 N17-08.D.11 - 2 139 78 4200 1.7 900 7.8 684 47 2730 10.5 2.45 1.6 0.03 214.7 765 8.00 110.9 0.92
N17-08 N17-08.D.12 - 1 55 114 4450 0.4 1500 9.5 789 39.9 3000 10.5 5.5 7 0.15 239.9 539 8.70 104.9 2.6
N17-08 N17-08.D.12 - 2 60 132 4850 3.9 1050 6 798 41.3 3000 8 4.6 6.5 0.20 236.5 602 11.10 100.7 1.76
N17-08 N17-08.D.13 - 1 134 136 7500 4.3 1750 5.5 961 201 2900 9.5 5.5 6 0.16 384.6 647 9.70 135.6 2.59
N17-08 N17-08.D.13 - 2 75 99 5000 4.0 1800 5 960 191 2880 16.5 5.5 11.5 0.07 235.8 719 8.50 130.2 1.56
N17-08 N17-08.D.14 - 1 90 143 8000 4.4 800 5.5 908 14 2580 15.5 5.5 3.15 0.17 332.7 823 10.40 121.9 2.32
N17-08 N17-08.D.14 - 2 50 159 4400 4.2 1500 5.5 935 13.5 2730 10 5.5 9 0.26 259.2 855 8.90 127 1.28
N17-08 N17-08.D.15 - 1 80 55 7000 5.5 2300 6 978 62 1600 11.5 7.5 6.5 0.07 206.5 390 4.30 120.5 1.79
N17-08 N17-08.D.15 - 2 55 42.5 5500 1.5 1350 6.5 1008 70 2200 8 6 11 0.27 230.3 287 8.20 110.6 1.7
N17-08 N17-08.D.16 - 1 121 48.5 7000 0.1 1400 4.75 917 77.9 2280 7 4.3 6.5 0.25 234.4 428 8.30 86.4 1.84
N17-08 N17-08.D.16 - 2 107 83 5500 3.6 1050 6.5 928 99 2260 10 5 7.5 0.12 206.9 625 9.60 95.1 1.92
N17-08 N17-08.D.17 - 1 70 44.5 8000 3.5 1300 6.5 916 181 3170 16 4.25 5.5 0.12 375 1042 10.40 108.6 0.435
N17-08 N17-08.D.17 - 2 171 179 5500 4.1 1400 5 941 176 2940 6.5 5.5 4.95 0.24 314 1092 10.90 118 2.62
N17-08 N17-08.D.18 - 1 60 127 5000 1.7 1100 4.35 842 50.7 2790 10 4.45 5.5 0.16 265.3 509 8.40 101.1 2.14
N17-08 N17-08.D.18 - 2 133 74 7000 4.5 1550 5.5 875 46 2530 7 6.5 8 0.12 230.3 480 12.10 100.2 2.79
N17-08 N17-08.D.19 - 1 140 165 7500 3.7 1950 6 724 11.5 2440 11 6 7 0.16 184.2 883 9.30 104.7 2.17
N17-08 N17-08.D.19 - 2 129 47 7000 1.2 1250 6.5 737 18 2360 8.5 5.5 5 0.04 189.3 833 8.30 111.9 0.89342 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 96 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 38
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 39
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 40
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 21
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 22
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 23
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 24
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 25
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 26
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 27
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 28
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 29
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 30
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 31
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 32
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 33
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 34
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 35
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 36
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 37
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 38
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 39
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 40
N17-08 N17-08.D.9 - 1
N17-08 N17-08.D.9 - 2
N17-08 N17-08.D.10 - 1
N17-08 N17-08.D.10 - 2
N17-08 N17-08.D.11 - 1
N17-08 N17-08.D.11 - 2
N17-08 N17-08.D.12 - 1
N17-08 N17-08.D.12 - 2
N17-08 N17-08.D.13 - 1
N17-08 N17-08.D.13 - 2
N17-08 N17-08.D.14 - 1
N17-08 N17-08.D.14 - 2
N17-08 N17-08.D.15 - 1
N17-08 N17-08.D.15 - 2
N17-08 N17-08.D.16 - 1
N17-08 N17-08.D.16 - 2
N17-08 N17-08.D.17 - 1
N17-08 N17-08.D.17 - 2
N17-08 N17-08.D.18 - 1
N17-08 N17-08.D.18 - 2
N17-08 N17-08.D.19 - 1
N17-08 N17-08.D.19 - 2Hf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
33 439 8690 5.9 309 96 0.265 0.00 0.07 151.3 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
32.3 454 8650 4.5 275 84 0.27 0.12 0.08 149.6 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
33 449 8530 3.5 308 89.3 0.305 0.00 0.12 155.2 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
38.2 418 6530 1.45 250 71 0.27 0.14 0.03 125.9 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
34.5 446 7590 4.85 280 76.8 0.255 0.00 0.07 128.4 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
27.8 427 7530 3.9 303 64.9 0.275 0.00 0.09 124.7 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
30.3 423 7870 5.5 306 62.8 0.25 0.03 0.08 132.9 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
30 375 7110 3.5 379 79.4 0.27 0.17 0.08 155.9 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
29.8 456 8480 5 429 95.5 14.9 0.14 0.01 158.6 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
30.5 387 8060 5 395 77.6 0.21 0.00 0.10 150.2 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
31.5 435 8270 4 421 79.3 0.21 0.09 0.14 156.2 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
28.5 397 8170 3.35 385 69.8 0.34 0.08 0.06 156.3 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
30.8 405 7790 5 428 78.9 0.41 0.03 0.03 168.4 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
32.1 517 10650 3.9 512 100.7 4 0.27 0.08 175.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
29.6 505 9910 6 426 70.9 0.315 0.00 0.01 163.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
33.8 484 8680 2.45 462 79.8 0.46 0.14 0.07 169.2 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
30.9 451 9710 4.5 440 74.5 0.36 0.00 0.09 153.6 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
25.4 476 9930 3.5 436 72.2 0.405 0.11 0.08 156.6 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
28.9 457 9160 3.9 413 64.4 0.185 0.03 0.16 151.8 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
31.3 448 8870 2.15 449 71.1 0.405 0.00 0.07 150.5 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
27.3 451 9940 5.5 431 69.8 0.275 0.00 0.08 136.9 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
28.1 426 8890 4.45 411 61 0.305 0.03 0.08 144.1 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
25.1 417 8980 4.6 424 62.5 0.405 0.15 0.05 147.5 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
11.5 5.46 187 5.5 37.9 12.1 0.355 0.09 0.12 18.9 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
12 13 202 2.75 42.2 12.7 0.26 0.11 0.07 19.0 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
14.3 22.2 264 1.4 46.1 13.5 0.26 0.01 0.03 21.0 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
14.6 22.6 250 2.2 41.8 12.2 0.295 0.03 0.04 20.3 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
12.1 43.8 330 2.15 43.6 16.6 0.29 0.00 0.05 19.5 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
9.1 4.2 175 1.3 37.2 11 0.16 0.11 0.04 17.3 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
11.1 52.4 401 3.1 66.7 21.2 0.305 0.03 0.04 31.5 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
11.1 8.35 376 2.15 63.2 17.5 0.285 0.00 0.02 30.1 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
16.1 27.5 654 4.55 74.9 17 0.43 0.01 0.06 30.3 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
10.5 0.45 528 3.5 59.2 11.9 0.26 0.05 0.05 24.4 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
14.4 43 473 3.85 125.8 27.6 0.28 0.02 0.06 54.7 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
10.9 44.8 463 3.1 98.4 23 0.38 0.00 0.06 39.3 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
7.4 1.83 188 3.45 69.1 15.5 0.405 0.17 0.11 26.4 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
10.4 2.92 285 3.65 69.7 13.4 0.29 0.03 0.04 26.4 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
10.2 3.07 226.6 2.3 44.5 10.3 0.275 0.02 0.08 18.4 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
10 1.85 154.9 3.75 43.2 6.91 0.24 0.00 0.10 17.8 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
14.7 32 388 3.05 99.6 19.9 0.375 0.02 0.06 41.9 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
15 33 398 3.95 114.4 21.5 0.25 0.00 0.09 41.1 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
13.2 23.1 215.8 3.4 37.2 7.4 0.195 0.02 0.09 16.7 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
14 9.98 235.5 2.3 42.6 7.6 0.355 0.00 0.06 15.8 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
5.7 45 161 2.3 59.4 9.9 0.285 0.01 0.08 24.0 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
6.7 47.4 157.4 3.05 57.8 11.8 0.33 0.02 0.04 24.1 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite PilbaraAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 343Appendix C Table 1 Page 97 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
N17-08 N17-08.D.20 - 1 55 97 6500 2.9 1150 8.5 819 281 4910 10.5 9.5 6.5 0.26 409 1976 7.70 89.9 1.29
N17-08 N17-08.D.20 - 2 60 234 7000 0.4 1700 6 629 232 3300 10 6 5 0.13 221.7 1876 7.70 103.2 2.84
N17-08 N17-08.D.21 - 1 65 107 8000 0.3 1450 5 919 138 2320 7 6 6.5 0.30 269.9 635 5.80 125.1 1.92
N17-08 N17-08.D.22 - 1 55 38 4450 3.2 1450 6 928 150 2810 12 3.9 7.5 0.23 193.7 639 6.20 91.6 0.85
N17-08 N17-08.D.22 - 2 75 36.5 7500 5.5 1150 4.6 901 139 2480 8.5 4.4 6.5 0.14 204.6 589 5.90 88.3 1.37
N17-08 N17-08.D.23 - 1 146 105 6500 2.7 1250 4.05 886 21 2940 8.5 4.65 2.2 0.36 210 494 6.20 133.4 1.42
N17-08 N17-08.D.23 - 2 119 50 6500 4.5 1350 3.85 893 14 3310 7 6 3.05 0.07 256.2 525 8.50 121.3 0.95
N17-08 N17-08.D.24 - 1 118 50 7500 4.6 1100 9 928 160 2650 10 7 6.5 0.06 211.1 371.7 6.80 101.1 1.89
N17-08 N17-08.D.24 - 2 156 36 5000 7.6 1250 4.2 905 124 2640 8.5 6.5 7 0.12 252.1 424 10.50 101.4 2.21
N17-08 N17-08.D.25 - 1 49 140 9500 5.2 1100 14.5 939 131 3020 11 6.5 7.5 0.36 219.4 808 9.40 133.5 1.7
N17-08 N17-08.D.25 - 2 104 177 7500 2.9 1350 6 948 110 2040 5.5 5.5 5.5 0.12 195 636 7.50 115.1 1.03
N17-08 N17-08.D.26 - 1 149 158 6000 4.8 1300 3.6 782 78 1830 9.5 7 3.7 0.22 246.9 883 8.10 94.2 1.76
N17-08 N17-08.D.26 - 2 55 289 7500 1.1 1500 4.8 784 87 2720 10 6 4.95 0.27 248 880 9.30 97.4 2.11
N17-08 N17-08.D.27 - 1 140 45 8000 2.5 1100 6 831 64 2410 12 6.5 7.5 0.13 245.4 433 9.40 82 1.88
N17-08 N17-08.D.27 - 2 50 32 6000 4.3 950 4.5 823 61 3050 8 5.5 7.5 0.24 288.3 458 9.60 72 2.5
N17-08 N17-08.D.28 - 1 49.5 48.5 6500 4.1 1500 7.3 938 224 2910 16.5 8 6.5 0.05 311.6 643 8.90 126 1.03
N17-08 N17-08.D.28 - 2 65 205 5000 4.1 1450 5.5 886 204 2670 10 6.5 3.75 0.12 244.7 758 8.80 121 1.82
N17-08 N17-08.D.29 - 1 153 108 7500 0.5 1450 9.1 794 132 2540 8.5 6 6 0.14 229.8 713 9.40 124.6 2.3
N17-08 N17-08.D.29 - 2 90 49 7500 5.5 1900 6.5 718 136 2140 14 6.5 5.5 0.21 212.2 308.2 7.60 124.8 2.38
N17-08 N17-08.D.30 - 1 113 45.5 8500 5.7 1700 6.5 927 78 2270 15.5 7.5 6 0.09 228.4 649 5.30 109.3 1.95
N17-08 N17-08.D.30 - 2 80 55 6500 6.7 1950 7 911 83 1760 11.5 8 9.5 0.14 256 943 5.30 94.2 0.75
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 2 155 150 12500 6.4 3100 15.5 2300 10570 16400 9 8 15 0.60 603 2600 74.00 581 5.8
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 3 180 140 12500 3.6 4000 13.5 2322 8920 2200 23 8 13.5 0.12 604 2664 57.00 528 5.3
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 5 140 100 10500 2.2 3250 7.5 2130 10620 850 12 8.5 13 0.38 573 2420 46.70 509 7.8
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 6 175 105 11000 4.9 2750 11 2140 10860 1150 16.5 10.5 10.5 0.55 578 2490 66.00 536 8.3
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 7 130 110 13000 3.5 3350 29 2130 10850 1450 19.5 9.5 14 0.17 591 2600 47.00 542 3.4
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 8 115 75 17500 5.7 3000 12.5 2004 10440 1100 9.5 6 17 0.30 584 2507 49.00 514 6.3
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 9 100 80 10500 4.4 2350 31 2110 10760 2500 8 6.5 9 0.21 572 2500 54.00 525 6.1
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 10 145 80 18500 4.4 2700 25 2168 10770 1000 11 6.5 15.5 0.70 598 2608 56.00 557 5.4
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 11 170 120 13000 2.1 3050 12.5 2460 9840 1500 11.5 9.5 18 0.55 578 2740 63.00 627 5.7
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 12 130 85 15500 0.6 3800 19 2240 11020 2100 12.5 6 13.5 0.50 586 2798 62.00 573 6.1
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 13 100 110 13000 1.4 3300 13 2331 10920 1250 12 9 14 0.07 568 2904 46.00 569 8.6
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 14 210 80 11500 0.9 2400 8.5 2720 8890 19400 6.5 6 94 0.33 566 2944 48.20 605 5.8
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 15 145 110 11000 1.6 2950 27 2112 11200 2400 11.5 9 10 0.50 569 2831 44.00 569 4.6
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 16 115 140 14500 4.0 3400 11 2097 11020 1000 8.5 7.5 13 0.55 563 2814 48.00 564 7.3
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 17 150 100 11500 4.7 3250 12 2317 11100 9800 13 6.5 10.5 0.46 564 2820 59.00 540 7.7
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 18 130 90 13500 0.6 3200 13 2325 10220 2100 9.5 9 9.5 0.46 564 2670 48.00 530 5.6
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 19 130 145 15500 3.4 3250 29 2202 11000 1150 10 6.5 12.5 0.51 574 2750 47.50 538 6.1
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 20 110 80 12000 3.3 2700 9 2392 10190 2000 9 8.5 12.5 0.47 576 2880 55.00 565 5.3
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 1 165 95 14500 4.6 4500 11.5 2186 10170 2500 10.5 8.5 16.5 0.57 584 3560 57.20 419 5.6
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 2 110 125 12000 650 3500 24 2230 9700 1250 23 8.5 19.5 0.05 569 3370 62.00 460 5
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 3 155 75 14000 320 2300 11 2240 9940 3000 12.5 10.5 17 0.50 559 3240 52.00 408 4.8
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 4 170 100 14000 255 3150 14 2231 10930 1200 15 9 9.5 0.75 570 3240 57.00 435 6.2
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 5 115 65 19000 250 3600 13 2450 8730 800 10.5 7.5 17 0.24 535 3014 57.00 406 7.9
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 6 125 100 12000 180 3300 13.5 2126 10250 900 11.5 9.5 11.5 0.41 547 2960 59.00 423 6.3344 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 98 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
N17-08 N17-08.D.20 - 1
N17-08 N17-08.D.20 - 2
N17-08 N17-08.D.21 - 1
N17-08 N17-08.D.22 - 1
N17-08 N17-08.D.22 - 2
N17-08 N17-08.D.23 - 1
N17-08 N17-08.D.23 - 2
N17-08 N17-08.D.24 - 1
N17-08 N17-08.D.24 - 2
N17-08 N17-08.D.25 - 1
N17-08 N17-08.D.25 - 2
N17-08 N17-08.D.26 - 1
N17-08 N17-08.D.26 - 2
N17-08 N17-08.D.27 - 1
N17-08 N17-08.D.27 - 2
N17-08 N17-08.D.28 - 1
N17-08 N17-08.D.28 - 2
N17-08 N17-08.D.29 - 1
N17-08 N17-08.D.29 - 2
N17-08 N17-08.D.30 - 1
N17-08 N17-08.D.30 - 2
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 2
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 3
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 5
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 6
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 7
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 8
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 9
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 10
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 11
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 12
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 13
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 14
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 15
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 16
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 17
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 18
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 19
Wodgina N17-01.3 - 20
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 1
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 2
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 3
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 4
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 5
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 6Hf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
21.5 206.2 5390 2.95 40.3 7.2 0.395 0.00 0.06 16.2 1 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
9 80.5 224.9 3.4 41.4 7.14 0.39 0.00 0.03 15.5 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
12.4 49.3 484 3.1 68.1 13.2 0.245 0.00 0.08 27.9 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
10.4 14.4 157.2 2.25 40.6 7.2 0.38 0.00 0.08 18.2 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
8.2 13.9 146.7 2.85 43 8.7 0.29 0.00 0.09 19.3 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
7.4 73.6 446 2.7 68.1 15.8 0.21 0.00 0.06 27.6 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
8.8 41 433 3.2 69.9 13.2 0.34 0.00 0.08 29.0 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
11.8 3.79 217.9 3.25 68.8 16.1 0.225 0.06 0.06 29.8 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
11 24.3 307 5.5 68.8 15.3 0.385 0.00 0.03 31.9 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
12.6 77.3 1036 4.8 48.9 12.2 0.275 0.00 0.07 23.1 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
10.1 6.31 449 4.55 47.3 11.8 0.95 0.02 0.07 22.4 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
10 32.6 182.8 2.75 37.5 8.6 0.275 0.00 0.06 19.0 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
11.7 27.4 180.7 3.4 38.7 10.3 0.295 0.00 0.08 19.5 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
7.9 18 464 3.9 90.7 23.3 0.38 0.06 0.07 46.9 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
11.7 13.4 190 3.9 83.3 23.4 0.29 0.00 0.03 43.6 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
14.6 81.2 586 5.6 49.3 14.5 0.23 0.09 0.03 26.9 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
8.5 40.3 568 5 54.7 15.5 0.265 0.04 0.02 28.5 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
10.1 5.72 727 2.6 64.5 16.1 0.31 0.03 0.06 31.6 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
7.4 0.04 273 2.35 62.4 18.1 0.385 0.00 0.07 32.7 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
10.1 4.34 309 3.75 41 13.2 0.18 0.06 0.10 20.5 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
9.6 6.88 301 2.45 39.6 10.7 0.365 0.00 0.09 21.4 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
46.5 439 9390 2.25 533 132 0.6 0.29 0.17 158.9 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
40.4 450 9290 1.85 510 133 0.7 0.31 0.18 155.7 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
38.7 405 8800 1.3 483 124 0.405 0.51 0.09 146.3 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
40.1 401 9070 1.6 503 126 0.55 0.01 0.13 151.7 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
41.1 403 9130 2.65 481 149 0.5 0.01 0.12 162.2 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
38 397 8440 1.4 467 128 0.5 0.23 0.13 152.7 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
30.5 420 8650 4.1 472 138 0.55 0.01 0.13 154.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
41.3 464 9150 1.9 492 133 0.65 0.01 0.06 160.3 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
27.3 436 9950 1.2 501 153 0.5 0.81 0.13 151.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
28.3 403 10080 1.65 484 146 0.8 0.62 0.14 166.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
25 365 9600 2.4 469 140 0.55 0.20 0.19 148.3 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
28.8 317 9000 2.7 500 177 28.1 0.01 0.07 145.5 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
30.1 310 9160 1.2 487 134 0.465 0.84 0.05 146.2 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
23.9 283.9 8120 1.75 476 144 0.65 0.38 0.18 148.5 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
27.2 296 7760 1.6 457 128 0.55 0.50 0.10 148.3 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
20.1 301 9200 1.85 424 127 0.55 0.37 0.13 144.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
22.6 313 10760 3.1 459 139 0.425 0.41 0.16 151.5 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
22.5 335 11130 3 479 150 0.47 0.26 0.10 158.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
23.2 489 7930 1.3 456 144 0.55 0.30 0.27 158.9 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
30.2 527 8290 1.95 439 140 0.65 0.11 0.06 154.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
22.4 478 7850 2.35 417 123 0.75 0.01 0.08 142.6 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
20.9 482 8610 1.35 438 134 0.6 0.39 0.12 142.5 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
25.1 455 7650 1.25 400 133 0.6 0.01 0.02 136.7 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
20.6 440 8450 1.55 398 128 0.435 0.01 0.11 139.8 9 2 pegmatite PilbaraAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 345Appendix C Table 1 Page 99 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 7 120 80 11000 125 2850 32 2270 10260 800 10 8 12 0.36 560 2881 49.00 433 7.7
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 8 175 120 10500 100 2400 33 2150 10180 1800 14.5 6.5 11 0.50 592 2910 62.00 440 8
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 9 160 120 13500 135 4100 13.5 2306 8980 1150 19.5 11 15 0.65 602 2778 68.00 472 6
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 10 155 110 11500 85 3300 47 2190 10260 1200 9.5 9.5 13.5 0.55 604 2770 63.00 521 6.6
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 11 150 150 11500 60 3400 28 1905 9890 1050 14.5 7 9.5 0.57 568 2510 72.00 498 5.2
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 12 130 75 10500 2100 3150 28 2062 9140 2000 9 8.5 17 0.15 565 2390 53.00 496 6.8
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 13 125 135 12500 70.0 3800 12.5 1928 9870 1900 5 10.5 12.5 0.21 562 2457 53.10 497 3.9
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 14 140 85 16000 50.0 4100 21.5 1925 9470 3700 22.5 10 16 0.10 592 2464 56.00 560 6.1
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 15 195 130 11500 42.5 2300 18 1870 9150 1900 16 9 15 0.27 580 2360 56.00 535 5.8
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 16 135 115 16000 40.5 2900 13.5 2050 10080 2000 12.5 9.5 16.5 0.16 573 2480 59.00 531 4.8
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 17 115 70 13000 36.5 2900 29 2081 9820 1100 17 8 11 0.27 558 2820 42.00 531 7.7
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 18 150 110 12000 39.5 2600 22 2115 10230 3000 9.5 7 17 0.28 580 2538 54.00 578 4.9
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 19 160 80 16500 28.0 3450 12.5 2050 9900 1150 11 10.5 16 0.20 589 2435 50.00 528 4.7
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 20 135 90 10500 32.5 2250 20 2075 10120 900 7.5 8 22 0.32 600 2378 56.70 537 4.2
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 1 125 125 16500 50.0 3600 12.5 2170 10950 1550 13.5 7.5 18.5 0.26 547 3350 46.40 567 2.3
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 2 125 95 17500 55.0 4350 12.5 2202 10720 2090 14 7.5 13 0.26 560 3370 57.00 594 1.3
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 3 125 75 14500 42.0 3450 13.5 2158 10900 4000 8.5 9.5 11.5 0.61 570 3530 49.70 563 4.3
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 4 160 95 10000 38.5 2600 16.5 2123 10630 1200 13 11.5 7.5 0.27 587 3730 37.00 572 3.6
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 5 155 120 12000 39.0 2750 10 2087 8810 3100 8.5 9.5 10.5 0.75 576 4050 16.50 604 3.6
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 6 150 110 18500 45.0 2900 18 2020 10040 1200 11.5 8.5 14.5 0.28 600 3950 27.30 555 3.6
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 7 125 120 11500 50.0 3350 12.5 1832 10300 1500 6.5 11.5 16.5 0.25 590 3870 42.90 576 6.1
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 8 200 105 11500 46.0 3500 14 1990 9490 1100 9 10.5 12 0.55 594 3860 54.00 576 3.9
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 9 130 80 12500 43.5 3200 10 2114 10530 1300 13.5 7 17.5 0.27 587 3650 45.30 621 4.2
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 10 110 130 16000 50.0 2950 15 2042 10900 1450 6 5.5 15 0.26 606 3820 44.00 614 5.9
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 11 120 65 11500 47.0 3700 12.5 1939 11260 850 18.5 8 9.5 0.13 594 3780 50.00 527 2.5
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 12 120 90 14500 46.5 3600 11 2090 11100 1150 14.5 6.5 12.5 0.23 553 3357 41.40 485 3.2
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 13 110 120 17000 55.0 2750 13.5 2167 11320 1500 6.5 9.5 17.5 0.25 579 3210 52.00 502 4.1
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 14 180 100 11500 50.0 3350 17.5 2030 11300 1000 9.5 9 11.5 0.70 574 2725 50.00 440 4.6
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 15 200 115 10500 80.0 4250 12.5 2071 11070 900 11.5 9.5 16 0.58 596 2720 45.00 418 4.5
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 16 115 70 16000 90.0 4250 12 2056 10860 2870 7 8.5 11 0.11 597 2617 51.70 426 4.6
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 17 130 105 18500 80.0 4200 16 2120 11260 2000 13.5 8.5 19 0.28 597 2765 40.90 460 5.7
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 18 110 100 17500 390.0 3550 13.5 2120 10990 2600 10.5 10.5 13.5 0.25 565 2610 56.00 423 4.5
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 19 105 75 14500 61.0 3350 23 2083 11200 1050 9.5 7.5 13 0.28 563 2552 43.60 410 3.9
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 20 125 95 12500 53.0 2850 9 2010 10720 2660 11.5 6.5 9.5 0.23 540 2530 56.00 437 5.4
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 1 175 115 13000 58.0 3650 13.5 2274 11020 2900 18.5 10 24 0.35 598 3760 42.00 647 5.2
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 2 125 100 13000 290.0 2700 14.5 2269 11150 1100 9.5 8 13 0.41 593 3470 56.00 573 3.4
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 3 110 85 9500 48.8 3900 7.5 2185 11200 2400 10 8 12 0.26 592 3580 41.70 555 6.3
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 4 165 75 12000 24.9 4200 16 2260 11560 2400 7.5 10 11.5 0.75 597 3820 51.00 584 5.8
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 5 155 75 13500 51.7 3200 23 2038 10710 1150 12 9 13 0.26 606 3910 43.00 585 6.5
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 6 150 80 12000 1800 3000 27 2126 10590 2300 11.5 10.5 9 0.35 611 3830 40.00 635 3.5
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 7 145 105 16000 900 3900 19 2360 8910 2000 11 9.5 11.5 0.33 575 3660 13.10 570 5.2
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 8 80 55 6000 500 1550 17 2120 10870 1730 5.5 7 5.5 0.13 618 3960 42.00 608 4
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 9 190 90 18000 1600 3500 23 2131 11360 1300 9.5 9.5 9 0.35 607 3820 52.00 616 6.2
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 10 150 115 18000 59.9 3950 13.5 2310 11370 4000 18.5 9.5 13 0.34 592 3920 60.00 667 8.1
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 11 350 95 20000 100.0 2600 11.5 1940 10380 2000 7.5 10 14 0.34 603 3820 47.00 595 5.3346 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 100 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 7
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 8
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 9
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 10
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 11
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 12
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 13
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 14
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 15
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 16
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 17
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 18
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 19
Wodgina N17-01.4 - 20
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 1
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 2
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 3
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 4
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 5
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 6
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 7
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 8
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 9
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 10
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 11
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 12
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 13
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 14
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 15
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 16
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 17
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 18
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 19
Wodgina N17-01.5 - 20
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 1
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 2
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 3
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 4
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 5
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 6
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 7
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 8
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 9
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 10
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 11Hf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
25.3 462 8050 3.4 450 133 0.55 0.01 0.14 145.1 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
31.1 450 8080 2.75 466 155 0.9 0.01 0.12 162.3 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
27.8 471 8530 1.95 472 139 0.9 0.01 0.19 163.4 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
37.1 457 8370 1.6 488 149 0.5 0.01 0.07 165.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
34.8 419 8230 2.5 441 130 0.65 0.01 0.16 152.8 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
33.6 378 8180 2.4 550 116 0.45 0.19 0.03 146.4 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
38.8 399 9050 1.8 436 131 0.9 0.25 0.14 146.9 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
47.6 397 8470 1.55 505 154 0.6 0.01 0.23 158.2 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
41.3 383 9170 2.35 455 134 1.2 0.01 0.14 154.6 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
41.3 355 9590 1.85 468 135 0.95 0.23 0.37 158.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
54.6 343 9890 1.7 404 129 0.7 0.01 0.22 148.5 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
38.8 351 10750 1.35 466 140 0.6 0.57 0.15 156.8 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
45.4 349 9750 1.5 432 133 0.65 0.52 0.06 161.9 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
45.5 310 8450 1.55 450 134 0.6 0.01 0.08 153.9 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
39.8 379 7120 2 357 113 0.8 0.10 0.16 124.9 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
40 383 7950 2.1 372 113 0.75 0.01 0.14 130.8 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
37.8 418 7010 3.3 372 118 4.4 0.59 0.22 129.7 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
43 376 5640 1.45 362 113 0.65 0.19 0.09 130.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
39.5 332 4310 1.3 337 110 0.5 0.01 0.20 128.2 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
41.6 365 6520 2.05 339 101 0.6 0.70 0.22 131.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
33.3 372 5160 2.1 335 98.1 0.48 0.31 0.21 126.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
38.4 404 5870 2.85 354 113 0.85 0.20 0.14 134.7 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
30.6 397 6470 2.55 345 114 0.45 0.01 0.20 132.7 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
41.1 416 6940 0.6 374 119 0.75 0.21 0.14 135.1 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
33.6 438 7130 1.25 319 100 0.55 0.22 0.12 132.3 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
36.7 462 7690 1.95 322 93.8 0.42 0.01 0.13 125.7 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
33.4 467 8540 3.5 456 147 0.6 0.65 0.19 159.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
32.7 451 8280 2.25 424 122.1 0.55 0.01 0.18 154.4 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
34.3 478 8790 2.45 403 119 0.55 0.18 0.16 158.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
34.2 453 8910 2.95 415 127 0.65 0.01 0.14 156.9 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
33.9 520 9140 2 460 134 0.75 0.01 0.31 173.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
35 464 8700 1.6 402 129 0.8 0.35 0.16 156.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
34.5 461 8920 2.4 366 125 0.85 0.01 0.10 147.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
37.9 450 9210 1.75 389 125 0.55 0.01 0.12 139.1 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
45.2 490 7950 1.65 394 117 0.65 0.01 0.15 143.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
42.9 437 8780 1.45 355 108.8 0.7 0.01 0.14 140.2 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
49.7 431 7660 2.6 381 113.5 0.95 0.26 0.15 139.7 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
54 415 7630 2.85 374 109 0.75 0.01 0.25 142.6 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
51 373 5230 1.3 342 110 0.6 0.01 0.10 134.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
46.8 394 6900 0.9 362 123 0.7 0.24 0.14 135.3 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
60.1 466 7720 2.25 327 111 0.7 0.18 0.11 132.1 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
50.9 418 6050 0.8 372 111 0.46 0.19 0.05 143.4 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
50.2 401 7560 2.95 363 111 1.15 0.31 0.14 138.9 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
31.2 435 7260 2.6 354 107 5.1 0.01 0.16 134.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
42.6 432 7210 1.6 337 102 0.6 0.01 0.18 133.8 9 2 pegmatite PilbaraAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 347Appendix C Table 1 Page 101 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 12 115 120 15000 27.5 5000 18.5 2040 9470 1550 13 10.5 18.5 0.28 620 3557 54.00 575 4.5
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 13 135 75 11000 26.5 3350 24 2094 9570 950 12 9.5 11.5 0.33 599 3151 48.00 534 7.5
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 14 115 85 10500 5.0 2650 23 2118 10530 8000 10.5 6.5 9 0.30 579 2920 53.00 513 6.1
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 15 115 100 11000 290.0 3400 17.5 1990 10850 3300 8 12.5 12 0.08 602 2850 63.00 509 9.2
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 16 170 105 16500 70.0 4050 15 2064 11050 1950 11 9 9 1.20 611 2923 54.00 497 8.2
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 17 155 130 11500 4.2 2750 11 1954 10920 2300 18.5 6 14 0.54 582 2781 51.00 520 7.2
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 18 145 100 16000 12000 3800 11.5 1985 10830 1400 12.5 9 11.5 0.26 574 2795 49.00 536 8.4
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 19 160 125 10000 8.0 3300 17.5 2010 10730 1300 12.5 11 9.5 0.33 581 2783 53.00 561 6
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 20 140 115 13000 140.0 3900 12 1832 10510 2000 20.5 7.5 9.5 0.30 570 2820 32.70 575 6.8
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 1 115 95 10500 100.0 2800 16 2030 11280 2530 14 8 13 0.17 573 3530 39.30 608 5.4
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 2 130 125 14000 16.0 3550 13.5 2101 11650 900 10 9.5 14.5 0.42 613 3585 54.00 540 4.9
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 3 130 70 8500 16.0 2200 29 2036 11190 1050 17 11.5 13 0.53 600 3569 52.10 523 5.3
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 4 95 95 11000 12.0 3350 11 2178 11680 3200 9 6.5 16 0.42 612 3730 46.00 604 2.6
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 5 200 110 12000 13.0 5000 18.5 2041 11610 1350 17 9.5 21.5 0.27 619 3770 43.00 595 3.9
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 6 145 100 11000 2.3 2800 10 1944 11040 3300 11 7.5 12.5 0.46 601 3750 51.00 522 4.4
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 7 130 95 16000 6.9 4950 12 2170 11150 950 14.5 11 12.5 0.07 601 3830 51.10 554 4.9
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 8 140 50 12000 3.9 3450 16 2028 11520 900 6.5 15 12.5 0.38 593 3840 50.00 517 4.8
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 9 80 70 8500 2.6 2450 8.5 2179 11560 2100 9.5 7 8.5 0.19 608 3670 52.00 511 7.6
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 10 155 125 17500 9.8 3100 17.5 2220 10920 4600 14 13.5 14 1.09 572 3711 45.00 611 6.5
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 11 160 90 11000 6.7 3250 14.5 2170 11610 1200 8 8 11.5 0.50 594 3690 59.00 576 2.5
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 12 880 510 13000 5.2 3750 22 2066 10910 2700 15 13 14 2.00 563 4010 46.00 579 4.1
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 13 120 90 16000 3.0 3000 12.5 2052 10650 1050 12 10 18 0.44 571 4020 43.00 544 2.2
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 14 140 80 19500 2.2 2650 16.5 2172 11060 950 17.5 12.5 16.5 0.25 573 4040 49.00 566 3.8
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 15 150 110 12000 4.2 2850 15.5 2108 11050 1900 11.5 8 24 0.48 594 4050 41.00 537 2.9
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 16 90 70 11000 2.2 2450 8.5 2110 11500 2000 11.5 8.5 13 0.13 582 4080 50.00 584 1.8
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 17 410 125 15500 2.0 3550 16.5 1956 11070 1050 12 5.5 9 0.35 577 3850 65.00 548 2.1
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 18 170 90 12500 0.3 3450 29 2048 10970 1200 9.5 10.5 12 0.17 581 3390 51.00 488 4.3
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 19 140 115 16500 4.2 4600 16.5 2131 11100 1600 11 12 10.5 0.53 577 3230 59.00 497 4
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 20 175 115 13500 3.5 2800 10.5 2292 10970 1050 10.5 9.5 11.5 0.59 602 3270 62.00 474 4
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 1 170 85 14000 3.7 2550 13.5 2010 10880 800 15 11.5 5.5 0.37 601 4260 49.00 616 4.3
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 2 175 105 11000 4.1 3650 13 2031 10330 950 14.5 9.5 10.5 0.49 578 4140 59.00 478 2.2
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 3 200 55 16000 3.3 3200 13.5 2150 10500 1900 10.5 6.5 14 0.12 580 4280 41.40 498 1.6
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 4 95 130 18500 4.1 3350 16 1770 9860 1000 13.5 8 12.5 0.49 578 4260 51.00 515 3.4
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 5 185 115 14500 1.5 4450 9.5 2002 9930 1150 12.5 11 11 0.12 562 4280 39.10 538 1.05
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 6 160 135 13500 2.4 3800 34 1961 9550 1100 12 8.5 14 0.47 575 4210 57.00 523 2
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 7 155 110 14500 3.0 4150 15.5 2116 10420 1100 12 9 12 0.55 605 4130 62.00 585 3.4
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 8 145 140 16500 4.4 2900 17.5 2145 10460 1000 14 11.5 12.5 0.49 595 4170 54.00 559 0.75
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 9 165 95 16000 1.8 4250 14 2005 9510 1450 6 10.5 10 0.59 603 4300 55.00 533 2.1
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 10 155 120 13000 2.1 3550 12.5 1950 10150 750 17.5 10 16 0.40 586 4150 61.00 536 0.8
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 11 120 105 11500 6.0 2000 18 2162 10720 4300 12.5 11.5 11 0.55 607 4110 51.00 601 2.7
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 12 150 95 12000 0.5 3200 16 2207 10980 900 15.5 11 11.5 0.15 562 3608 62.00 522 4.3
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 13 80 65 11000 4.4 1950 14.5 2165 10210 1050 10 7 15 0.33 577 3190 47.00 454 3
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 14 110 105 14000 1.1 3400 7.5 2160 11050 2700 11.5 6.5 17.5 0.42 560 2857 60.00 439 3.6
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 15 130 110 16500 5.8 3350 17 2180 10320 1050 10 12 13 0.53 576 2861 56.00 457 5.9
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 16 170 100 15000 7.0 3000 16 2187 10370 1100 17 9.5 10 0.29 598 2916 65.00 460 5.3348 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 102 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 12
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 13
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 14
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 15
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 16
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 17
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 18
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 19
Wodgina N17-01.6 - 20
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 1
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 2
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 3
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 4
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 5
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 6
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 7
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 8
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 9
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 10
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 11
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 12
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 13
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 14
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 15
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 16
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 17
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 18
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 19
Wodgina N17-01.7 - 20
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 1
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 2
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 3
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 4
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 5
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 6
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 7
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 8
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 9
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 10
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 11
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 12
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 13
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 14
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 15
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 16Hf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
53.1 477 7890 2.35 352 110 0.95 0.01 0.14 142.8 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
38.1 461 8510 2.55 433 132 0.46 0.01 0.15 166.8 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
36 462 8920 4.6 426 133 0.445 0.53 0.05 162.2 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
42.9 492 8380 2.35 435 139 0.65 0.46 0.42 166.3 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
40.9 491 9270 3.4 422 133 0.7 0.01 0.11 172.3 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
34.5 474 9100 2.35 430 131 0.55 0.70 0.08 162.9 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
34.3 462 7640 1.25 406 121 0.55 0.01 0.07 156.8 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
27.8 477 9090 3.7 415 144 0.75 0.01 0.05 162.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
35.4 482 8680 2.4 364 111 0.6 0.48 0.10 145.1 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
32.7 429 8250 1.75 322 112 0.5 0.01 0.17 139.9 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
31.9 412 7390 2.7 343 102 0.7 0.01 0.17 150.6 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
34.9 416 7080 2 306 90 0.6 0.01 0.13 144.8 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
39.2 425 7660 3.4 372 120 0.55 0.01 0.10 147.2 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
34.1 398 5980 3.75 384 105 0.75 0.56 0.22 154.4 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
36.8 346 5390 1.85 293 89.7 0.55 0.01 0.19 133.7 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
38.8 343 4950 2.45 322 88 0.355 0.35 0.20 126.3 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
38.3 333 5570 2.3 296 88.2 0.8 0.43 0.17 129.7 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
37.2 327.7 6510 1.8 300 89 0.425 0.64 0.08 131.5 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
41.8 337 5700 3.1 305 93.9 1.63 0.47 0.23 123.9 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
42.6 359 6620 2.2 342 99 0.8 0.39 0.11 143.6 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
47 364 6130 2.9 298 88.7 4.6 0.65 0.32 125.6 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
42.4 382 6350 4.1 295 79.2 0.55 0.01 0.09 123.4 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
45 370 7220 2.75 327 87.2 0.55 0.40 0.15 128.6 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
46 392 7080 2.3 292 82 0.55 0.01 0.37 130.2 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
46.6 421 7740 2.4 304 89.3 0.455 0.38 0.14 138.4 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
47.1 439 7910 2.7 326 84.9 0.85 0.26 0.15 131.5 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
47 418 7910 2.55 382 106 0.7 0.01 0.12 161.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
42 440 8080 3.8 387 105 0.75 0.01 0.27 161.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
51.3 460 9350 1.65 408 110 0.7 0.01 0.45 165.5 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
57.8 453 6900 3.3 368 100 0.55 0.39 0.22 157.2 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
47.9 409 6200 2.5 287 71.4 0.75 0.36 0.20 140.1 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
44.8 396 6140 3.9 327 78.5 0.7 0.18 0.22 138.4 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
44.6 327 4350 1.4 279 73 0.55 0.41 0.20 127.8 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
48.4 329 4570 3.25 286 80 0.6 0.01 0.15 129.4 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
46.6 361 4980 4.3 308 84.7 0.8 0.27 0.10 132.8 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
52 354 7110 3.5 337 89 0.85 0.57 0.18 155.8 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
48 317 6720 2.65 349 84 0.55 0.01 0.23 150.3 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
52.9 352 4840 3.6 319 78.7 0.8 0.34 0.07 147.1 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
41.7 358 5020 4.9 302 73.8 0.6 0.80 0.17 136.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
40.2 422 6450 3.75 334 80 0.75 0.27 0.17 145.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
34.6 411 6960 3.25 290 63.1 0.48 0.01 0.21 122.5 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
30.5 429 7210 4.3 278 66.1 0.65 0.16 0.14 138.4 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
28.9 400 8140 2.55 358 79.7 1 0.44 0.08 150.3 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
21.5 427 8390 3.2 384 91.3 0.6 0.01 0.09 166.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
28.4 494 8280 3.75 396 91.2 0.55 0.01 0.17 179.9 9 2 pegmatite PilbaraAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 349Appendix C Table 1 Page 103 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 17 145 70 12500 6.5 4350 12 2181 10590 950 13 10 10.5 0.09 588 2880 61.00 444 3.7
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 18 125 95 11500 3.2 3200 16 2209 10660 1250 21.5 13 16 0.50 592 2880 44.00 493 5.8
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 19 125 75 11000 4.3 3400 26 2150 10910 1100 12.5 8 11.5 0.50 587 2922 62.00 461 3.1
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 20 145 110 12000 2.3 2150 21 2200 10180 1600 11 10.5 14.5 0.75 577 2890 60.00 484 8.7
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 1 140 65 18000 6.0 3200 31 2187 11170 3000 13.5 6 13 0.50 569 3978 43.80 497 4.3
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 2 150 95 12000 1.0 2800 34 2213 10550 1200 15 10 14.5 0.24 573 3960 50.20 529 2.5
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 3 150 130 13000 7.4 2300 25 2290 11010 2800 10 9 5 0.14 565 3830 41.80 567 5.5
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 4 145 95 11000 6.7 3150 12 2275 11110 900 13.5 12 12 0.60 584 3380 42.00 498 2.9
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 5 105 75 10000 0.5 2700 8.5 2238 9770 2100 8 8 10.5 0.14 571 3060 56.00 486 3.2
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 6 115 125 7500 6.7 3700 22 2156 9720 1050 6 9.5 13 0.55 596 3090 45.00 499 2.6
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 7 180 105 12000 11.0 2800 12 2253 9750 1980 13 9.5 11.5 0.55 588 2635 51.00 502 3.5
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 8 100 105 20500 12.0 3600 11.5 2207 10480 1050 11.5 12.5 14.5 0.20 594 2619 42.40 493 4.3
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 9 205 120 13000 10.0 3550 12.5 2288 10380 1150 12.5 7.5 17.5 0.30 582 2524 53.00 464 4.2
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 10 90 100 16500 12.0 2250 26 2049 10370 1100 9 9.5 16 0.25 595 2610 50.00 456 6
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 11 100 75 10000 6.0 3500 9 2182 10270 950 11 7 11.5 0.43 577 2433 46.20 459 4.5
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 12 175 100 14500 15.0 3350 13.5 2205 11160 1200 9.5 6.5 15.5 0.26 567 2328 52.00 437 4
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 13 130 105 11000 17.0 3900 14.5 2284 10630 1150 9 8.5 13 0.14 575 2278 47.00 432 3.3
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 14 100 85 12000 1.0 2250 21 2370 11270 33000 8 5.5 9.5 0.31 594 2340 60.00 450 5.7
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 15 95 130 13000 6.0 3300 12.5 2140 10890 900 9.5 7.5 17.5 0.55 581 2246 58.00 442 4.2
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 16 125 120 13000 7.0 3100 17 2230 11220 1350 18 9 12 0.18 585 2247 53.80 453 7.5
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 17 165 95 15000 10.0 2950 14 2120 11050 1350 16 10 9 0.22 587 2277 56.70 471 5.1
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 18 160 105 16000 16.0 3050 16 2260 10980 1500 9.5 9 15.5 0.10 612 2272 60.00 504 8.7
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 19 95 80 11000 23.0 2150 23 2283 11530 900 10.5 6 8 0.13 545 2134 56.00 481 5.2
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 20 155 130 10500 7.8 3300 36 2150 11040 2200 12 9 14 0.31 552 2061 65.00 551 7.9
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 1 115 90 14500 10.0 3550 16.5 2232 11170 1300 9 8 17.5 0.23 566 2351 42.00 484 3.2
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 2 135 75 14500 1.0 3700 31 2145 10650 1200 10 5.5 11.5 0.27 593 2429 44.00 486 8
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 3 130 95 11000 1.0 3200 13 2096 11070 1700 15 7 13.5 0.55 615 2329 61.00 530 4.3
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 4 190 125 17500 12.0 3700 15.5 2105 9480 1400 13.5 8 12.5 0.47 612 2390 39.00 532 6.3
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 5 170 125 13000 5.0 5000 10 2060 10110 3400 14 9.5 13 0.85 591 2284 77.00 450 8.9
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 6 150 115 16000 1.0 3250 12.5 1997 10500 2800 17 9.5 16 0.15 588 2237 60.00 410 12.1
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 7 130 100 15500 12.0 2800 41 2054 10910 2700 7.5 8 12.5 0.33 610 2347 61.00 487 10.2
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 8 135 100 11000 4.0 3950 29 1965 10340 1300 11 10.5 22 0.52 599 2358 37.00 490 6.5
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 9 130 100 14000 5.0 3800 22 2150 11140 1450 23 8 11.5 0.33 594 2501 52.00 614 7.6
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 10 160 115 15500 11.0 3550 15.5 2228 10510 1050 15.5 8.5 8.5 0.55 599 2870 37.60 683 9.7
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 11 130 95 17000 9.8 3400 18.5 1986 11450 1050 11 8 16 0.07 563 3100 39.00 821 11.8
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 12 2630 1920 14000 3.5 3700 12 2039 10910 7900 14.5 8.5 25 1.25 590 3050 30.00 656 9.6
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 13 130 75 12000 8.0 2700 10.5 2039 11030 2400 11.5 6.5 12 0.35 568 2683 49.00 548 9.7
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 14 135 80 11500 1.2 3050 21 2038 10550 2600 10.5 9.5 28 0.07 590 2740 65.00 512 12.5
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 15 165 105 16500 12.0 3900 15.5 2370 11490 1300 17 8 27.5 0.07 645 2722 66.00 512 7
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 16 175 100 19500 1.0 2800 22.5 2114 10800 950 13 8.5 15 0.16 588 2734 56.00 528 11
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 17 155 145 15500 11.0 3950 17 2046 11230 1100 18 13.5 8.5 0.70 601 2770 48.00 521 9.2
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 18 175 120 13000 13.0 4100 15 2065 11310 1200 15.5 10.5 14.5 0.31 619 2780 69.00 513 12.1
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 19 130 145 19500 12.0 3850 15 2177 10770 1950 10.5 10.5 13.5 0.37 598 2890 57.00 536 8.3
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 20 195 100 17500 1.3 3250 19 2270 10890 2100 15.5 12 17.5 0.08 603 2930 62.00 525 12
N17-08 N17-08.C.1 - 1 116.4 34.5 3250 3.9 475 2.18 766 142.4 2630 0.35 5.9 14 0.06 216.6 543 9.20 127.6 2.08350 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 104 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 17
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 18
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 19
Wodgina N17-01.8 - 20
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 1
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 2
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 3
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 4
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 5
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 6
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 7
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 8
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 9
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 10
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 11
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 12
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 13
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 14
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 15
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 16
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 17
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 18
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 19
Wodgina N17-01.9 - 20
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 1
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 2
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 3
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 4
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 5
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 6
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 7
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 8
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 9
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 10
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 11
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 12
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 13
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 14
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 15
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 16
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 17
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 18
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 19
Wodgina N17-01.10 - 20
N17-08 N17-08.C.1 - 1Hf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
24.7 474 8900 2.45 396 88.9 0.9 0.01 0.09 175.3 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
28 482 8960 1.85 405 99 0.65 0.01 0.08 176.7 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
25.5 494 9280 2.9 377 95 0.65 0.73 0.10 173.2 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
23.2 463 8750 2.6 379 85.1 0.65 0.01 0.17 165.9 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
24.6 387 6490 1.95 275 63.5 0.425 0.37 0.07 134.6 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
27.4 399 6430 1.3 244 57.3 0.65 0.23 0.05 132.6 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
28.6 461 7320 5.1 279 64.5 0.65 0.02 0.06 131.3 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
27.4 542 9510 3 330 79.3 1.05 0.01 0.13 165.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
25.8 496 8310 2.45 327 72.8 0.55 0.01 0.12 159.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
25.1 413 7670 4.3 350 82.5 0.85 0.18 0.10 172.9 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
26.1 466 8520 3.5 367 80.5 0.55 0.24 0.18 179.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
23.4 452 9110 3.65 343 81.6 0.48 0.19 0.30 169.3 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
24.4 462 8240 3.8 355 82.1 0.55 0.23 0.25 172.9 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
31.5 437 7430 4.2 352 79.1 0.85 0.43 0.07 181.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
26.3 442 7510 2.3 332 68.9 0.48 0.46 0.09 159.8 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
28.5 448 7850 2.6 326 66.2 0.85 0.01 0.15 167.4 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
22.5 456 8040 3.6 339 66.8 0.55 0.67 0.11 163.4 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
23.6 404 7750 3.9 341 72.4 0.65 0.01 0.15 169.8 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
28.9 461 8320 3.55 331 69.6 0.65 0.01 0.12 172.6 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
27.9 469 8710 3.05 335 75.6 0.415 0.01 0.11 172.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
29.8 491 7840 2.9 357 72.5 0.7 0.01 0.10 178.3 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
30.7 494 9220 3.35 377 82.7 0.7 0.01 0.13 189.3 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
20.9 418 8560 3.35 334 70 0.6 0.01 0.10 166.8 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
24.3 463 8400 2.55 350 71.3 0.7 0.01 0.11 164.5 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
24.9 495 8110 5.5 292 65.4 0.65 0.21 0.07 147.1 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
32.6 475 8130 1.6 352 79 0.85 0.43 0.35 176.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
28.3 576 9320 5.5 416 86 0.55 0.01 0.08 192.8 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
27.5 583 9710 4.5 393 85 0.65 0.40 0.13 199.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
26.4 482 7810 5 371 75.3 0.65 0.29 0.13 181.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
24.4 492 7120 9.1 364 69.7 0.8 0.35 0.24 191.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
30 507 8800 3.25 440 95.5 0.65 0.01 0.25 205.8 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
30 490 7680 3 384 73.9 0.7 0.01 0.17 191.4 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
28.2 469 7940 3.95 369 78.5 0.65 0.01 0.29 184.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
31.8 549 9160 6 318 69.5 0.7 0.01 0.17 155.6 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
30.9 452 9210 2.7 299 67 0.8 0.01 0.28 131.7 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
26.9 495 8170 5.5 318 70.1 0.7 0.01 0.03 163.4 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
35.9 478 8510 3.45 349 74.7 0.6 0.01 0.09 174.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
31.6 510 8950 4.2 313 65.8 1 0.01 0.06 156.8 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
40.5 565 11650 4.5 403 81.6 1.15 0.59 0.07 200.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
33.7 494 9390 5.5 375 82 0.5 0.01 0.25 191.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
41.2 522 9880 2.3 366 73.4 0.9 0.01 0.41 189.9 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
42.9 493 9940 4.8 361 77 0.7 0.63 0.14 181.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
42.2 511 10180 3.65 338 68.7 0.7 0.01 0.21 177.2 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
38.8 525 10060 7 338 76 0.6 0.35 0.15 183.0 9 2 pegmatite Pilbara
9.4 16.8 624 9.5 82.5 20.4 0.19 0.01 0.03 20.7 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite PilbaraAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 351Appendix C Table 1 Page 105 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
N17-08 N17-08.C.2 - 1 128.6 78 3300 4.6 310 3.02 824 285 3110 0.5 5.5 16 0.11 283.1 1053 8.10 127.8 1.79
N17-08 N17-08.C.2 - 2 118.5 112 4850 6.0 485 4.07 827 268.8 3080 0.85 6.1 16.2 0.12 250.3 838 7.69 129 1.92
N17-08 N17-08.C.3 - 1 114.6 47.4 4200 5.5 495 2.7 965 63.6 2490 1.2 5 14.5 0.08 377.5 474.6 6.51 92.5 1.83
N17-08 N17-08.C.3 - 2 114.8 58.7 3700 4.8 345 3.7 978 61.8 2580 0.55 6.9 16.2 0.12 509.9 658 8.70 94.8 1.69
N17-08 N17-08.C.4 - 1 111.5 122 3200 4.9 550 2.14 806 90.1 2710 0.66 4.7 13.8 0.06 243.6 1166 8.30 83.2 1.45
N17-08 N17-08.C.5 - 1 124 89.4 3950 2.7 650 1.93 766 395 2710 0.6 6.1 14.5 0.07 208.3 932 8.00 110.3 1.79
N17-08 N17-08.C.5 - 2 115 100 3000 3.2 500 2.49 746 385.4 2420 0.5 5 15.3 0.12 259.8 1259 8.50 103.9 1.86
N17-08 N17-08.C.6 - 1 117.5 36 5500 3.3 430 3.16 780 282 3120 0.75 4.9 16.6 0.13 241.2 537 6.76 109 1.91
N17-08 N17-08.C.7 - 1 111.6 44.5 4800 3.7 375 2.93 842 92.7 1920 0.45 5.2 14.3 0.12 241.3 678 5.96 82.7 1.65
N17-08 N17-08.C.7 - 2 107.9 418 3150 4.7 500 2.9 842 88.5 2460 0.78 6.2 15.6 0.06 254 667 7.10 86.1 1.64
N17-08 N17-08.C.8 - 1 124.9 161 3050 4.4 330 2.57 882 143.2 2310 0.435 5.4 13.8 0.09 356 888 8.50 110 1.93
N17-08 N17-08.C.9 - 1 119.4 130 3100 7.5 460 2.12 922 117.4 2590 0.6 6.6 16.1 0.08 218.8 682 7.40 116.4 2.36
N17-08 N17-08.C.9 - 2 237 349 4350 23.0 800 2.05 915 150.4 3480 1.7 15.2 18 0.22 238.9 696 8.00 116.7 4.25
N17-08 N17-08.C.10 - 1 121.5 79 1450 7.0 590 0.9 874 83.6 2100 0.64 4.7 13.8 0.10 245.1 687 6.48 81.2 2.56
N17-08 N17-08.C.10 - 2 123.6 71 3200 8.5 345 1.05 888 86.4 2720 0.81 6.4 15.8 0.07 290.7 748 7.90 78.5 1.98
N17-08 N17-08.C.11 - 1 125.6 327 3600 9.0 600 1.49 846 131.1 2140 0.95 4.7 16.9 0.32 266.1 769 7.20 121.2 2.12
N17-08 N17-08.C.11 - 2 118.1 148 4000 7.5 465 2.31 831 136.9 2880 0.95 4.18 16.1 0.09 266.1 755 8.20 108.6 2.38
N17-08 N17-08.C.11 - 3 114.9 115 3750 9.0 405 2.03 849 143.1 2700 0.7 5.5 16 0.06 254.9 796 9.37 122.8 2.04
N17-08 N17-08.C.12 - 1 130.8 44.4 3650 7.5 450 2.21 750 172.4 2420 0.7 5.2 14.1 0.09 258.1 1153 9.80 131.4 2.09
N17-08 N17-08.C.12 - 2 126.6 85 1950 3.7 550 2.89 731 165.2 2630 0.18 5.3 14.3 0.08 259.9 900 9.42 138.7 2.24
N17-08 N17-08.C.13 - 1 121.3 59.9 2650 8.5 465 2.54 782 238.5 2700 0.42 4.5 15.4 0.16 257.2 1078 7.20 142 3.2
N17-08 N17-08.C.13 - 2 122.8 42.8 3500 4.9 345 3.18 813 249 2920 0.6 6.2 15.1 0.06 389.6 1176 7.90 137.6 1.92
N17-08 N17-08.C.13 - 3 113.6 198 2850 8.0 455 2.44 800 247.5 2920 0.485 5.8 13.1 0.02 270.6 1085 7.80 125.7 2.31
N17-08 N17-08.C.14 - 1 116.2 53.1 3050 9.0 380 1.75 739 167 2650 0.6 5.6 17.2 0.09 353.8 694 5.80 113.4 2.3
N17-08 N17-08.C.15 - 1 117.4 33.4 4100 5.5 475 2.92 766 179.6 1910 0.29 3.94 13.3 0.16 281.8 1075 7.40 90.9 1.75
N17-08 N17-08.C.15 - 2 112.5 53 3400 5.7 445 2.81 801 190.3 2480 0.485 6.2 13.4 0.16 225 902 5.80 89.5 1.72
N17-08 N17-08.C.15 - 3 115.6 62.4 2750 6.1 400 2.03 784 189.1 2540 0.225 6.8 13.9 0.06 213.5 928 8.00 92.8 2.09
N17-08 N17-08.C.16 - 1 117.5 18.6 2500 2.7 360 3.97 909 244.2 2330 0.315 5.6 13.8 0.16 269.5 644 7.90 119 1.95
N17-08 N17-08.C.16 - 2 119.7 45 2900 2.2 390 4.93 922 237.3 2460 0.245 6.3 13.8 0.03 265.3 619 7.50 120.9 2.13
N17-08 N17-08.C.16 - 3 123.4 104 2950 6.2 340 4.23 929 227.1 2780 0.55 5.6 16.8 0.06 263.9 610 7.64 125.5 2.43
N17-08 N17-08.C.17 - 1 129.2 56.3 3950 5.9 360 2.19 744 263.2 2450 0.255 5.4 14.5 0.08 213.6 911 6.30 108.3 2.22
N17-08 N17-08.C.17 - 2 121 79.3 2500 6.5 410 3.13 752 265.3 2660 0.32 5.4 16.6 0.07 215 920 7.50 116.4 2
N17-08 N17-08.C.17 - 3 115.9 92 1950 0.7 400 2.56 721 248 2470 0.65 5.2 16.4 0.10 239.6 933 6.44 102.1 1.82
N17-08 N17-08.C.18 - 1 119.2 77 1900 0.5 215 3.84 870 112.2 3000 0.5 5.8 14 0.11 263.2 518 8.70 118.5 1.91
N17-08 N17-08.C.18 - 2 114.5 148.4 2150 0.5 275 3.91 869 112.4 3010 0.81 5.3 16.5 0.10 428.8 656 8.21 116.2 1.6
N17-08 N17-08.C.18 - 3 129.1 93.1 2700 3.7 600 3.62 840 106.7 2640 0.5 5.1 19.9 0.09 334 624 6.90 126.7 1.64
N17-08 N17-08.C.19 - 1 123.8 60 1450 5.7 310 2.35 644 674 2270 0.65 5.2 16.1 0.09 347.3 750 9.60 105.4 1.74
N17-08 N17-08.C.20 - 1 106.8 49 2000 3.6 500 1.71 946 93.2 2220 0.5 5 18.2 0.17 246.3 693 7.30 87.3 2.27
N17-08 N17-08.C.21 - 1 114.6 30.5 2350 6.9 430 2.83 847 102.3 1700 0.9 5.5 18.2 0.06 213.6 519 8.30 98 1.98
N17-08 N17-08.C.22 - 1 113.8 100 1850 6.1 495 3.48 929 175.6 3050 0.5 1.7 13.5 0.11 430.8 742 6.50 96.4 1.43
N17-08 N17-08.C.22 - 2 113.6 141 2050 5.6 385 3.08 907 175.7 2460 0.65 4.4 14.8 0.07 214.5 883 7.81 84.9 1.96
N17-08 N17-08.C.22 - 3 111.7 157 2400 4.8 425 3.04 909 203.2 1220 0.5 6.3 13.2 0.11 227.2 828 7.30 85.2 1.65
N17-08 N17-08.C.23 - 1 105.1 54.4 2350 0.9 495 2.12 764 199.2 2700 0.47 4.31 16.8 0.14 286.4 625 6.30 91.6 1.78
N17-08 N17-08.C.23 - 2 111 145 3950 6.6 465 3.19 780 195 3030 0.6 5.4 17.4 0.05 228 658 8.30 94.8 2.23
N17-08 N17-08.C.24 - 1 108.7 173 3550 5.3 275 3.15 899 108.6 2090 0.5 4.4 14.9 0.06 239.5 504 6.90 104.4 2.12352 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 106 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
N17-08 N17-08.C.2 - 1
N17-08 N17-08.C.2 - 2
N17-08 N17-08.C.3 - 1
N17-08 N17-08.C.3 - 2
N17-08 N17-08.C.4 - 1
N17-08 N17-08.C.5 - 1
N17-08 N17-08.C.5 - 2
N17-08 N17-08.C.6 - 1
N17-08 N17-08.C.7 - 1
N17-08 N17-08.C.7 - 2
N17-08 N17-08.C.8 - 1
N17-08 N17-08.C.9 - 1
N17-08 N17-08.C.9 - 2
N17-08 N17-08.C.10 - 1
N17-08 N17-08.C.10 - 2
N17-08 N17-08.C.11 - 1
N17-08 N17-08.C.11 - 2
N17-08 N17-08.C.11 - 3
N17-08 N17-08.C.12 - 1
N17-08 N17-08.C.12 - 2
N17-08 N17-08.C.13 - 1
N17-08 N17-08.C.13 - 2
N17-08 N17-08.C.13 - 3
N17-08 N17-08.C.14 - 1
N17-08 N17-08.C.15 - 1
N17-08 N17-08.C.15 - 2
N17-08 N17-08.C.15 - 3
N17-08 N17-08.C.16 - 1
N17-08 N17-08.C.16 - 2
N17-08 N17-08.C.16 - 3
N17-08 N17-08.C.17 - 1
N17-08 N17-08.C.17 - 2
N17-08 N17-08.C.17 - 3
N17-08 N17-08.C.18 - 1
N17-08 N17-08.C.18 - 2
N17-08 N17-08.C.18 - 3
N17-08 N17-08.C.19 - 1
N17-08 N17-08.C.20 - 1
N17-08 N17-08.C.21 - 1
N17-08 N17-08.C.22 - 1
N17-08 N17-08.C.22 - 2
N17-08 N17-08.C.22 - 3
N17-08 N17-08.C.23 - 1
N17-08 N17-08.C.23 - 2
N17-08 N17-08.C.24 - 1Hf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
13.31 45.6 963 18 77.5 20.5 0.18 0.01 0.03 19.1 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
12.3 82.7 987 25.5 77 19.1 0.14 0.00 0.02 18.2 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
14.8 14.51 201.9 20 88.8 23.1 0.13 0.01 0.04 22.1 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
18.99 17.28 179.2 16 90.6 26.4 0.165 0.01 0.03 23.6 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
11.6 64.4 281 19.5 68.7 17.4 0.155 0.02 0.03 18.3 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
8.54 7.57 320 16 75.9 18.9 0.095 0.02 0.03 20.4 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
10.04 10.2 254.4 14.5 90.6 23.3 0.26 0.01 0.02 22.7 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
12.91 18.59 740 35 75.3 23 0.215 0.02 0.02 18.2 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
11.83 19.42 269.5 25 70.1 18.4 0.15 0.01 0.02 18.8 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
11.9 20.09 266.8 21.5 76.7 18.9 0.15 0.01 0.01 19.6 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
18.1 25 347 7.5 85.6 22 0.13 0.01 0.02 22.4 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
12.1 18.47 282.4 10 93.4 24.4 0.14 0.01 0.01 24.8 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
13.8 37.6 385 15 124.9 38.6 8.21 0.03 1.30 25.1 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
13.5 15 256.3 8.5 89.9 23.3 0.21 0.01 0.03 22.6 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
15.09 16.76 175 8.5 100 26.2 0.18 0.01 0.03 26.0 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
16.3 11.61 233 6.5 83.9 29.1 7.1 0.01 0.02 19.3 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
16 12.51 208.4 8.5 74.4 20.1 0.16 0.02 0.03 18.7 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
15.4 32.5 262 6 79 20.5 0.15 0.00 0.02 19.0 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
12.7 41 481 8 85.8 23.1 0.135 0.01 0.03 22.8 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
12.9 7.98 482 8 94.9 24.6 0.155 0.02 0.03 23.8 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
12.75 15.21 595 9.5 99.3 28.8 0.25 0.01 0.02 24.9 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
19.6 25.47 548 11 149.5 43.4 0.15 0.01 0.03 35.9 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
15 54.2 578 11 89.3 26 0.185 0.01 0.03 24.5 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
20.2 29.9 678 7.5 118.7 31.9 0.16 0.02 0.02 30.1 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
16.9 54.6 231.6 14 70.8 18.8 0.095 0.01 0.01 20.1 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
11.73 6.43 172.6 20.5 77.8 17.5 0.17 0.01 0.04 19.4 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
11.92 31.1 180.3 20.5 73.4 17.7 0.145 0.02 0.02 18.9 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
17.7 25.83 950 12.5 100.5 21.5 0.11 0.03 0.09 28.3 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
20.2 27.38 1115 16.5 88.1 19.2 0.17 0.02 0.03 24.2 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
19.2 29.7 1070 11.5 91 19.6 0.155 0.02 0.04 24.2 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
12.9 59.3 787 22 94.1 21.4 0.6 0.01 0.02 25.4 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
11.43 57.2 505 8 90.8 21.3 0.115 0.02 0.03 25.7 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
13.96 36.8 542 18 83.3 18.9 0.2 0.01 0.03 24.1 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
16.1 28.41 492 7.5 126.6 28.8 0.125 0.02 0.02 32.9 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
24.3 23.24 476.1 18 149 34.1 0.13 0.01 0.04 40.7 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
20.6 36.2 486 10 138.5 31.9 0.2 0.02 0.02 36.6 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
13.1 14.1 51.6 19 172 44.3 0.18 0.01 0.03 44.0 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
15.1 33.2 258.2 17.5 65.5 14.6 0.125 0.02 0.02 18.1 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
11.64 15.3 137.5 21 83.8 19.3 0.125 0.02 0.02 21.5 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
21.7 46.5 287.1 18 112.2 26 0.24 0.02 0.05 27.3 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
14.2 41.5 205.5 9.5 65 14.9 0.135 0.01 0.03 17.8 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
12.6 31.3 137.3 15.5 65.6 15.2 0.38 0.03 0.04 17.5 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
13.9 14.28 192.2 12 94.1 23.3 0.085 0.01 0.04 23.6 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
13 42.2 270.7 16 61.6 14.52 0.095 0.01 0.04 15.3 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
12.77 30.2 264.2 20 75.3 17.3 0.11 0.01 0.03 19.4 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite PilbaraAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 353Appendix C Table 1 Page 107 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
N17-08 N17-08.C.24 - 2 118.2 40 3050 4.0 280 2.77 887 119.9 2480 0.65 6 15.6 0.11 242.4 498 6.83 104.7 2.01
N17-08 N17-08.C.25 - 1 117.1 78.4 3050 6.2 385 1.95 818 206.4 3490 0.46 5.94 17 0.05 358.9 1024 7.40 124.2 1.78
N17-08 N17-08.C.25 - 2 116.3 74 2550 6.5 340 2.08 817 194.6 3540 0.48 6.2 15.8 0.07 287.6 894 8.00 130.2 1.52
N17-08 N17-08.C.25 - 3 146 157 5500 9.0 550 2.78 837 207.8 3100 0.65 6 17.5 0.21 233.5 884 8.30 132.7 2.56
N17-08 N17-08.C.26 - 1 111.1 128 4300 1.1 465 2.14 966 178.2 2430 0.5 5.4 11.7 0.09 345 747 8.10 107.2 1.89
N17-08 N17-08.C.26 - 2 312 3830 9500 13.0 2300 2.82 994 250 5250 8.5 7.5 29 0.80 279.1 1138 9.50 125 2.71
N17-08 N17-08.C.26 - 3 125.3 117 2850 1.6 475 1.59 982 177.7 2550 0.8 5.5 16.9 0.06 397.8 797 8.90 100.1 1.8
N17-08 N17-08.C.27 - 1 130.1 257 3900 9.2 750 3.4 855 292.7 2970 0.5 5 18.2 0.08 275.9 1624 8.80 136.5 2.74
N17-08 N17-08.C.27 - 2 122.6 364 3150 2.2 550 2.38 820 299.1 2650 0.345 4.7 13.7 0.11 264.6 877 9.60 136.6 2.31
N17-08 N17-08.C.27 - 3 109.4 1220 10600 5.0 9970 4.21 842 279.9 2080 0.6 4.83 14.3 0.78 246.1 826 8.40 122.4 1.97
N17-08 N17-08.C.28 - 1 113.8 54.2 2350 10.0 400 2.61 778 202.2 1850 0.6 5.3 16.5 0.07 253.8 674 7.30 100.8 2
N17-08 N17-08.C.28 - 2 120 85 2700 10.5 310 3.15 797 188.3 2570 1.25 6.5 16.9 0.09 352.2 722 8.00 100.3 2.02
N17-08 N17-08.C.29 - 1 108.2 87.6 3550 4.6 460 2.72 828 92.9 2430 0.47 5.8 17.9 0.07 242.8 534 8.20 89.3 1.82
N17-08 N17-08.C.29 - 2 140 117 3000 10.5 390 1.63 818 101.4 2070 0.7 4.9 18.3 0.09 235.3 406 9.10 97.2 2.13
N17-08 N17-08.C.29 - 3 116.6 285 2050 9.5 470 2.41 846 99 2390 0.65 4.75 16.5 0.12 242.6 609 8.40 107.5 2.57
N17-08 N17-08.C.30 - 1 108.7 69.7 4150 5.5 445 1.92 810 197 1980 0.425 4.4 19.1 0.09 239.3 646 6.40 103 1.73
N17-09 N17-09.1. - 1 300 400 3200 1.0 330 2 1425 217.4 2480 1.51 7.8 21.5 0.14 754 866 10.50 21.8 0.6
N17-09 N17-09.1.2 - 1 126.7 19 2650 1.9 345 2.08 1586 252.1 5000 0.5 9.6 20.7 0.14 710 1913 19.40 15.7 0.46
N17-09 N17-09.1.3 - 1 2050 730 7000 2.6 650 26.9 2741 291 663000 54.6 43 665 0.47 32.3 1885 1.29 3.2 0.3
N17-09 N17-09.2.3 - 1 117.3 21.5 2700 1.8 355 2.88 1162 220.5 2410 1.1 5.3 15.8 0.11 703 1800 19.80 19 0.56
N17-09 N17-09.2.3 - 2 129 27 4950 1.7 500 2.31 1148 235.4 9990 1 9.2 21.6 0.37 709 1695 21.20 17.4 0.57
N17-09 N17-09.2.4 - 1 113.1 31.7 4100 1.4 500 2.16 1355 128.5 2510 0.5 7.2 17.5 0.06 787 1618 18.80 16.7 0.205
N17-09 N17-09.2.4 - 2 990 760 2650 1.0 395 3.72 1378 127.9 4200 3.3 9.8 21.1 0.43 759 1461 16.60 15.7 0.47
N17-09 N17-09.2.5 - 1 105.1 34.7 4700 1.9 700 2.38 1326 209.9 2380 0.5 6.5 15.1 0.06 705 2048 20.80 17.1 0.55
N17-09 N17-09.3. - 1 243 12500 29000 1.5 7800 4.9 1810 335.3 2720 2.2 55 21.5 0.40 751 1730 19.50 17.5 0.51
N17-09 N17-09.3. - 2 206 2000 3550 1.6 550 4.21 1717 343 25100 4.1 18.7 62.6 0.06 683 1509 23.20 15.9 0.45
N17-09 N17-09.4. - 1 109.3 135 2850 2.5 345 2.29 1183 213.5 2830 0.4 5.3 14.7 0.08 738 1259 10.70 17.6 0.24
N17-09 N17-09.4. - 2 570 930 4000 1.0 790 2.38 1190 210.5 4010 3.3 11 19.3 0.26 716 1278 12.00 18.1 0.6
N17-09 N17-09.5. - 1 133.1 24 4200 1.3 350 3.06 1379 408 11170 1.12 4.71 22.9 0.07 754 1732 14.10 15.8 0.48
N17-09 N17-09.5. - 2 106.3 51.2 4400 1.4 550 2.24 1326 202.8 2530 0.85 5.7 16.6 0.05 699 2651 17.60 14 0.59
N17-09 N17-09.6. - 1 146 710 4950 1.6 470 3.67 1897 527 2720 2.7 27 19 0.31 741.5 1417 15.20 18.2 0.53
N17-09 N17-09.6. - 2 105 21 2350 2.1 480 3.65 1839 506 1830 0.5 5.1 14.4 0.11 745 1228 16.60 20.6 0.64
N17-09 N17-09.6. - 3 211 147 2200 1.8 650 3.72 1779 653 2020 0.63 5.9 17.2 0.16 735 1519 16.60 18.4 0.25
N17-09 N17-09.7. - 1 169 204 4650 1.9 9200 4.3 1662 286.7 20700 0.95 9.7 44 0.44 472 3400 10.00 22.1 0.21
N17-09 N17-09.7. - 2 25900 94000 192000 3.2 37000 46 1839 333 183000 4.9 48 55.4 98.00 526 1043 11.70 19 0.355
N17-09 N17-09.7. - 3 8600 35000 82000 2.1 11800 18.3 1359 226 71000 1.33 32.7 29.2 35.00 781 414 9.90 17.4 0.43
N17-09 N17-09.8. - 1 117.2 46.6 8000 3.0 500 3.92 1907 452.1 1710 0.55 6 15.9 0.13 746 1284 16.70 18.2 0.43
N17-09 N17-09.8. - 2 116.6 33 4900 7.0 395 2.65 1550 265.6 2390 0.5 2 13.9 0.06 672 2694 34.70 17 0.62
N17-10 N17-10.1.9 - 1 181 130 3550 8.0 335 3.24 4930 3080 860 0.49 6.1 17.4 0.13 689 846 41.00 134.5 10.04
N17-10 N17-10.1.10 - 1 870 1380 3250 6.0 320 5.7 4910 2914 3800 16.8 22.4 29.2 11.10 620 622 31.00 108.8 11.4
N17-10 N17-10.1.13 - 1 112.1 3.85 4550 4.2 200 0.8 5323 2560 245 0.5 6.2 14.2 0.08 704 823 32.30 102 10.11
N17-10 N17-10.1.12 - 1 129 125 5500 4.6 445 4.12 4410 3164 680 27 54 29.4 0.12 559 799 35.90 163.8 15.2
N17-10 N17-10.1.11 - 1 760 1710 4700 10.5 285 4.87 5060 3179 2800 101 72 43.3 0.35 639 732 38.50 150.7 15
N17-10 N17-10.1.14 - 1 108.2 7.5 3650 9.1 430 4.06 4860 3540 1250 0.355 5.47 16.3 0.11 694 826 37.70 117.1 9.88
N17-10 N17-10.1.15 - 1 123.1 113 38000 7.5 435 4.18 4440 4190 6100 36 4.7 148 0.09 556 620 38.40 112.9 14.7354 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 108 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
N17-08 N17-08.C.24 - 2
N17-08 N17-08.C.25 - 1
N17-08 N17-08.C.25 - 2
N17-08 N17-08.C.25 - 3
N17-08 N17-08.C.26 - 1
N17-08 N17-08.C.26 - 2
N17-08 N17-08.C.26 - 3
N17-08 N17-08.C.27 - 1
N17-08 N17-08.C.27 - 2
N17-08 N17-08.C.27 - 3
N17-08 N17-08.C.28 - 1
N17-08 N17-08.C.28 - 2
N17-08 N17-08.C.29 - 1
N17-08 N17-08.C.29 - 2
N17-08 N17-08.C.29 - 3
N17-08 N17-08.C.30 - 1
N17-09 N17-09.1. - 1
N17-09 N17-09.1.2 - 1
N17-09 N17-09.1.3 - 1
N17-09 N17-09.2.3 - 1
N17-09 N17-09.2.3 - 2
N17-09 N17-09.2.4 - 1
N17-09 N17-09.2.4 - 2
N17-09 N17-09.2.5 - 1
N17-09 N17-09.3. - 1
N17-09 N17-09.3. - 2
N17-09 N17-09.4. - 1
N17-09 N17-09.4. - 2
N17-09 N17-09.5. - 1
N17-09 N17-09.5. - 2
N17-09 N17-09.6. - 1
N17-09 N17-09.6. - 2
N17-09 N17-09.6. - 3
N17-09 N17-09.7. - 1
N17-09 N17-09.7. - 2
N17-09 N17-09.7. - 3
N17-09 N17-09.8. - 1
N17-09 N17-09.8. - 2
N17-10 N17-10.1.9 - 1
N17-10 N17-10.1.10 - 1
N17-10 N17-10.1.13 - 1
N17-10 N17-10.1.12 - 1
N17-10 N17-10.1.11 - 1
N17-10 N17-10.1.14 - 1
N17-10 N17-10.1.15 - 1Hf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
13.02 19.8 254.7 11.5 75.4 18.1 0.2 0.02 0.03 19.7 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
20.9 78 1596 18 134.6 34.4 0.1 0.01 0.01 32.9 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
17.6 86.9 1917 22 99.3 22.3 0.12 0.01 0.01 24.0 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
14.7 44.3 2096 34 94.4 22.8 0.68 0.01 0.04 20.3 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
17.2 42.1 214.1 11 99.3 23.6 0.2 0.03 0.02 20.9 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
14.2 43.7 200 53 112 37.1 12.6 0.05 1.01 19.7 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
19.2 27.93 192.4 24 119.6 42.7 0.165 0.01 0.02 21.8 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
19.4 49.4 686 17.5 97.7 23.6 0.15 0.02 0.03 25.8 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
16 32.4 672 27 112.3 25.9 0.175 0.01 0.03 30.1 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
15.6 15.23 676 10.5 98.3 27.1 1.46 0.01 0.02 28.4 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
11.95 33.6 174.9 4.75 68.1 17.6 0.14 0.00 0.06 18.3 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
15.5 56.2 168.4 9.5 115.1 44.1 13.7 0.01 0.29 22.9 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
11.3 17.7 141.6 8.5 60.9 16.79 0.205 0.00 0.03 17.8 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
11.76 4.52 164.3 7.5 68.5 18.3 0.105 0.01 0.01 19.4 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
11.95 16.9 138.8 9 72.1 19.5 0.145 0.01 0.03 20.4 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
12.27 6.85 146.4 5.5 69.1 18.5 0.065 0.01 0.04 19.0 6 4 xenolith in anorthosite Pilbara
27 34.7 80.7 8.5 98.6 12.9 0.11 0.00 0.02 38.5 6 1 amphibolite Narryer Terrane
25.2 132.3 225.1 9 144.2 20.26 2.17 0.00 5.60 63.7 6 1 amphibolite Narryer Terrane
1.93 131.7 10.7 16.5 5.5 3.1 5.8 0.01 18.70 3.8 1 3 amphibolite Narryer Terrane
26.1 114.8 264 7.5 141.9 19.4 0.26 0.01 0.03 58.7 6 1 amphibolite Narryer Terrane
26.2 68 181.4 13.5 126.9 17.9 2.32 0.01 10.60 51.0 6 1 amphibolite Narryer Terrane
28.6 58.1 112.1 15 111.9 14.38 0.13 0.00 0.04 49.7 6 1 amphibolite Narryer Terrane
28.3 43.8 235.7 7 127 17.8 0.58 0.01 0.12 59.1 6 1 amphibolite Narryer Terrane
27.1 87.5 305 9 141.3 18.5 0.215 0.01 0.02 58.5 6 1 amphibolite Narryer Terrane
30.1 189.9 232 17.6 133 22.1 6.8 0.03 0.39 54.8 6 1 amphibolite Narryer Terrane
25.4 42.8 553 11 139.3 19.3 2.29 0.01 0.25 61.5 6 1 amphibolite Narryer Terrane
26.9 89.3 116.8 14.5 86.9 11.58 0.13 0.01 0.03 37.1 6 1 amphibolite Narryer Terrane
25.3 99.8 163.2 5.5 116.6 16.9 2.53 0.01 0.54 48.5 6 1 amphibolite Narryer Terrane
27.2 84.9 142.4 7 87 12.5 0.15 0.01 0.02 36.4 6 1 amphibolite Narryer Terrane
26.5 153 204 7 130.8 17.2 0.095 0.01 0.03 54.7 6 1 amphibolite Narryer Terrane
28.3 79.7 194 8.5 151.5 22.6 2.7 0.00 7.10 59.6 6 1 amphibolite Narryer Terrane
26.9 71.9 153.6 8.5 145 19.3 0.105 0.01 0.02 62.5 6 1 amphibolite Narryer Terrane
28 86.4 134.6 17.5 115.1 16.1 0.29 0.01 0.05 54.1 6 1 amphibolite Narryer Terrane
19.5 253 85.3 11.5 98.7 19.2 6.9 0.01 0.81 41.4 6 1 amphibolite Narryer Terrane
25.3 25.4 120.7 18 96.8 17.7 17.5 0.03 22.20 47.8 6 1 amphibolite Narryer Terrane
25.6 6.26 61 24.5 99.1 13.5 2.62 0.01 22.10 56.4 6 1 amphibolite Narryer Terrane
29.8 85.8 105 7 103.5 13.22 0.135 0.01 0.02 46.6 6 1 amphibolite Narryer Terrane
31.4 155 310 85 141.4 20.4 0.14 0.01 0.03 72.3 6 1 amphibolite Narryer Terrane
35.1 56.8 183.5 65 147.4 23.6 4.1 0.01 0.03 66.0 7 5 sheared amphibolite Narryer Terrane
28.1 41.3 269.1 120 186 31.4 9.1 0.00 0.07 90.0 7 5 sheared amphibolite Narryer Terrane
31 43.4 120.6 70 144.4 19 0.105 0.01 0.02 76.6 7 5 sheared amphibolite Narryer Terrane
29.3 16.14 387 210 197.4 26.3 0.19 0.01 0.02 92.6 7 5 sheared amphibolite Narryer Terrane
30.3 48.8 438 125 194 30 2.25 0.01 0.03 90.0 7 5 sheared amphibolite Narryer Terrane
31.2 44.31 336 165 152.8 20.6 0.14 0.00 0.03 77.8 7 5 sheared amphibolite Narryer Terrane
29.1 31.4 386 75 180.1 24.7 0.145 0.01 0.04 95.3 7 5 sheared amphibolite Narryer TerraneAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 355Appendix C Table 1 Page 109 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
N17-10 N17-10.1.16 - 1 105.6 11.5 5500 23.4 375 2.37 4350 3398 2590 0.32 5.3 13.1 0.19 870 754 46.50 120.7 8.54
N17-10 N17-10.1.18 - 1 123.6 81 3300 17.0 225 2.6 4834 1846 480 0.475 5.69 17.3 0.06 736 744 35.40 111 10.39
N17-10 N17-10.7. - 1 109.6 22.2 2400 15.0 550 4.98 3200 2118 195 0.495 5.9 15.9 0.14 688 894 57.80 163 6.92
N17-10 N17-10.7. - 2 125.3 29 2400 13.0 335 3.49 3171 2112 370 0.55 5.2 17.2 0.30 590.8 586 43.30 167 8.79
N17-10 N17-10.7. - 3 115 6.5 4000 8.5 490 6.58 2515 2635 350 0.5 5.1 16.4 0.13 638.5 891 76.00 164.3 7.63
N17-10 N17-10.6.1 - 1 115.5 8.5 3900 9.0 650 4.91 4890 3152 940 0.31 4.7 15.6 0.07 726 1533 46.80 127.8 7.45
N17-10 N17-10.6. - 1 151 205 106000 8.0 600 9.7 4960 2786 3450 22.9 64 29.3 0.18 578 612 34.90 118.8 13.9
N17-10 N17-10.6. - 2 115.5 11 92000 18.0 400 11.4 5160 3658 345 9.3 14.3 14.7 0.26 468 751 33.80 114 14.7
N17-10 N17-10.6. - 3 117.3 8 2350 20.0 235 6.15 4633 2701 260 0.55 6.26 13.1 0.08 543.2 194 25.80 126.2 9.69
N17-10 N17-10.6. - 4 164 61 4450 10.4 500 3.86 3940 2870 1640 9.2 29 23 0.17 497 1096 56.30 182 13.6
N17-10 N17-10.6. - 5 174 80 3400 6.5 600 5.41 3994 2928 3070 1.63 5.24 14.1 0.10 701 880 42.70 131.1 6.51
N17-10 N17-10.6. - 6 3360 13 71000 29.0 1490 4.87 4757 2489 5700 95 131 148 0.99 553.2 1386 100.50 259 13.8
N17-10 N17-10.6. - 7 1730 8.5 70000 23.0 14500 9.8 4760 2543 4800 200 251 30.6 2.31 549 1110 43.70 206 14.1
N17-10 N17-10.5. - 1 143 48 3450 7.5 425 3.45 2063 3159 600 2.9 11.6 15.3 0.08 707 1381 99.70 293 5.84
N17-10 N17-10.5. - 2 152 30.8 3100 8.0 405 4.17 2241 2700 430 0.49 8.6 16.4 0.06 676 921 65.70 265 9.2
N17-10 N17-10.5. - 3 169 49 4050 2.4 485 0.55 6750 2584 220 0.49 12.9 20.8 0.08 402.1 661 21.70 114.1 10.1
N17-10 N17-10.4. - 1 630 740 5500 5.5 550 8.6 3564 1581 1780 4.8 5.81 25.3 4.20 651 660 32.60 118.3 9.47
N17-10 N17-10.4. - 2 25600 31000 770000 3.7 485 59 4560 1680 77000 1750 3660 325 6.00 410 680 18.20 134 35.7
N17-11 N17-11.1 - 1 114.8 37.5 4150 5.0 380 4.43 2086 239.3 1350 0.65 5.6 18 0.10 698 839 22.00 42.9 0.44
N17-11 N17-11.1 - 2 26000 65000 2350 3.5 205 8.1 2601 293 12100 3.4 12 146 0.14 631 807 25.70 47.5 0.89
N17-11 N17-11.1 - 3 115.9 45.7 3050 3.5 440 3.5 1977 310.9 1510 0.55 5.4 19.2 0.27 900 704 23.80 41.8 0.32
N17-11 N17-11.1 - 4 78000 6100 154000 3.9 700 17.3 2381 163.3 81000 67 8.5 660 1.08 560 666 19.60 48.4 1.93
N17-11 N17-11.2 - 1 180 73 4250 4.0 320 4.71 1847 266.6 2060 0.7 7.6 34 0.19 726.6 687 25.80 54.7 0.3
N17-11 N17-11.2 - 2 5100 12900 30000 4.5 500 5.4 1915 321 5600 7.2 187 118 0.23 646 411 24.90 44.3 0.6
N17-11 N17-11.2 - 3 123.4 47.5 4700 3.6 430 4.95 1800 256.2 1420 0.55 6.6 18.3 0.13 579 354.9 22.30 42.4 0.41
N17-11 N17-11.2 - 4 167 45 2500 110.0 465 4.76 2187 253 1350 0.52 6.4 18 0.06 698 637 23.60 50.7 0.31
N17-11 N17-11.4 - 1 118.4 38.3 4200 90.0 550 5.24 2453 79 1550 0.37 4.8 17.2 0.07 627 599 25.80 47.9 0.61
N17-11 N17-11.4 - 2 12500 8100 39000 150.0 600 9.6 2370 120.6 15000 26 5.1 200 1.04 591 613 23.90 52.6 0.63
N17-11 N17-11.4 - 3 110 10 3550 85.0 410 5.02 1686 347.8 2220 0.5 5.3 17.9 0.08 555.9 638 23.90 48.6 0.62
N17-11 N17-11.4 - 4 122.2 56 2500 80.0 430 4.56 2462 119.2 1260 0.445 6.2 16.8 0.12 598 640 23.50 43 0.39
N17-11 N17-11.7 - 1 107.2 191 5000 140.0 385 4.37 2604 100.7 1470 0.75 4.5 19.7 0.08 690 607 25.90 51 0.5
N17-11 N17-11.7 - 2 114.7 34.7 3100 75.0 500 5.15 2670 99.4 1290 0.48 5 18.2 0.08 679.2 713 26.30 45.2 0.6
N17-11 N17-11. - 1 109.3 380 2900 135.0 410 7.21 2606 150.7 1130 0.7 5.4 94 0.14 697 589 24.40 46.8 0.48
N17-11 N17-11. - 2 108.4 25.8 6000 115.0 550 7.22 3014 197.7 1090 0.31 3.94 17 0.06 657 579 21.90 46 0.18
N17-11 N17-11. - 3 105.4 42.7 5500 110.0 500 7.02 3092 223.3 1040 0.44 5.6 19.1 0.09 600 642 23.20 46.4 0.56
N17-11 N17-11. - 4 129 14.5 46000 115.0 340 9 2989 191.4 4860 0.5 4.8 22.9 0.14 596.8 638 22.20 45.2 0.36
N17-11 N17-11. - 5 115.6 9 5000 95.0 550 6.16 2649 238.2 2800 0.475 5.8 18.7 0.13 715 582.2 21.60 47.8 0.44
N17-11 N17-11. - 6 111.9 15.5 119000 165.0 550 12 2698 278 1810 0.8 5.7 19.4 0.12 589.1 571.7 20.70 46.9 0.265
N17-12 N17-12.1 - 1 149 130 4300 110.0 305 1.71 4296 1473 205 1.34 6 26.4 0.41 480 977 38.20 201 3.66
N17-12 N17-12.1 - 2 143 226 2600 145.0 385 1.54 4519 1513 770 4.4 8.1 26.1 1.27 660 1683 48.70 225 2.68
N17-12 N17-12.1 - 3 236 89 2350 105.0 235 0.65 4250 1627 420 0.65 6 21.3 0.09 662.8 1292 47.00 237 3.3
N17-12 N17-12.2 - 1 116.1 6 3450 90.0 600 1.47 4054 1589 250 0.75 7.1 17.3 0.06 698.8 1398 41.90 181.9 2.74
N17-12 N17-12.2 - 2 20200 52000 125000 120.0 5600 18.2 4070 1887 96000 133 36.2 132 12.50 607 1690 45.00 183.7 3.62
N17-12 N17-12.2 - 3 3130 7600 3800 500.0 740 2.98 4139 1773 12100 2.5 8.1 24.3 1.93 624 1795 52.60 214.4 2.86
N17-12 N17-12.2 - 4 5140 11700 29400 135.0 1310 3.9 3848 1511 22200 52.2 19.2 63 4.00 587.3 1423 37.10 166.6 2.78356 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 110 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
N17-10 N17-10.1.16 - 1
N17-10 N17-10.1.18 - 1
N17-10 N17-10.7. - 1
N17-10 N17-10.7. - 2
N17-10 N17-10.7. - 3
N17-10 N17-10.6.1 - 1
N17-10 N17-10.6. - 1
N17-10 N17-10.6. - 2
N17-10 N17-10.6. - 3
N17-10 N17-10.6. - 4
N17-10 N17-10.6. - 5
N17-10 N17-10.6. - 6
N17-10 N17-10.6. - 7
N17-10 N17-10.5. - 1
N17-10 N17-10.5. - 2
N17-10 N17-10.5. - 3
N17-10 N17-10.4. - 1
N17-10 N17-10.4. - 2
N17-11 N17-11.1 - 1
N17-11 N17-11.1 - 2
N17-11 N17-11.1 - 3
N17-11 N17-11.1 - 4
N17-11 N17-11.2 - 1
N17-11 N17-11.2 - 2
N17-11 N17-11.2 - 3
N17-11 N17-11.2 - 4
N17-11 N17-11.4 - 1
N17-11 N17-11.4 - 2
N17-11 N17-11.4 - 3
N17-11 N17-11.4 - 4
N17-11 N17-11.7 - 1
N17-11 N17-11.7 - 2
N17-11 N17-11. - 1
N17-11 N17-11. - 2
N17-11 N17-11. - 3
N17-11 N17-11. - 4
N17-11 N17-11. - 5
N17-11 N17-11. - 6
N17-12 N17-12.1 - 1
N17-12 N17-12.1 - 2
N17-12 N17-12.1 - 3
N17-12 N17-12.2 - 1
N17-12 N17-12.2 - 2
N17-12 N17-12.2 - 3
N17-12 N17-12.2 - 4Hf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
36.5 51 191.9 55 136.6 19.1 0.105 0.01 0.02 67.4 7 5 sheared amphibolite Narryer Terrane
35.6 51.6 472 80 156.1 22.4 0.085 0.01 0.03 80.9 7 5 sheared amphibolite Narryer Terrane
30.6 48.1 458 95 168 23.3 0.155 0.01 0.02 78.8 7 5 sheared amphibolite Narryer Terrane
30.1 52.9 500 75 195.8 34.6 9.6 0.01 0.03 96.8 7 5 sheared amphibolite Narryer Terrane
30.2 42 390 85 158.6 21.1 0.12 0.00 0.03 77.1 7 5 sheared amphibolite Narryer Terrane
37.2 73.9 251 100 106 13.52 0.18 0.00 0.02 55.6 7 5 sheared amphibolite Narryer Terrane
31.1 29.6 474 90 167.2 24.9 2.5 0.01 0.16 85.1 7 5 sheared amphibolite Narryer Terrane
26.1 47.1 190.5 95 174.2 24.4 0.65 0.01 0.13 93.5 7 5 sheared amphibolite Narryer Terrane
20.9 6.11 195 200 183.7 25.8 0.215 0.01 0.03 90.1 7 5 sheared amphibolite Narryer Terrane
30.1 56.2 524 75 243 32.6 1.4 0.01 0.02 110.0 7 5 sheared amphibolite Narryer Terrane
33 50.9 277.3 130 127.6 16.1 0.26 0.00 0.04 60.6 7 5 sheared amphibolite Narryer Terrane
35.3 49.4 673 160 211 38.6 11.6 0.01 0.03 95.8 7 5 sheared amphibolite Narryer Terrane
33.3 125.7 649 120 227 82 50 0.01 0.02 86.5 7 5 sheared amphibolite Narryer Terrane
31.5 63.5 371 100 192 26.3 0.145 0.01 0.04 82.2 7 5 sheared amphibolite Narryer Terrane
36.4 61.5 664 125 191 25.2 0.165 0.00 0.02 78.8 7 5 sheared amphibolite Narryer Terrane
15.07 21.52 99.6 6 184 28.1 0.19 0.03 0.03 73.5 7 5 sheared amphibolite Narryer Terrane
30.8 36.5 316 20.1 191 37 7.4 0.01 0.03 82.6 7 5 sheared amphibolite Narryer Terrane
22.7 44.5 1270 31 130.3 91 70 0.15 0.76 48.9 2 4 sheared amphibolite Narryer Terrane
29.5 39.2 138.4 8.5 52.6 7.3 0.095 0.02 0.02 24.6 6 1 kyanite garnet Narryer Terrane
26.7 44.8 165.2 9 51.4 8.8 1.36 0.02 0.08 26.4 6 1 kyanite garnet Narryer Terrane
30 31.8 139.9 4.95 56.2 9.36 0.12 0.02 0.02 25.8 6 1 kyanite garnet Narryer Terrane
25 51.1 142.4 5.5 41.5 9.03 1.16 0.01 0.11 23.9 6 1 kyanite garnet Narryer Terrane
29 19.31 165.1 4.05 76.4 11.7 0.38 0.02 0.03 27.5 6 1 kyanite garnet Narryer Terrane
25.6 9.65 133.8 9.5 60.8 9.9 0.31 0.02 0.02 29.0 6 1 kyanite garnet Narryer Terrane
25.2 13.54 147 9 66.1 9.83 0.145 0.01 0.02 31.4 6 1 kyanite garnet Narryer Terrane
25.7 34.68 236.6 20 52.1 7.75 0.13 0.01 0.03 21.7 6 1 kyanite garnet Narryer Terrane
30.6 37.6 159.3 15.5 57.1 9.24 0.17 0.00 0.02 27.1 6 1 kyanite garnet Narryer Terrane
25.2 43.8 159.1 8.5 65.9 10 0.98 0.01 0.19 27.7 6 1 kyanite garnet Narryer Terrane
28.2 37.42 174.4 18.5 56.5 8.24 0.175 0.01 0.02 26.2 6 1 kyanite garnet Narryer Terrane
26.8 41.2 145 31.5 53.8 8.53 0.59 0.01 0.02 25.4 6 1 kyanite garnet Narryer Terrane
27.6 21.8 155.8 23.5 62.9 9.61 0.16 0.01 0.03 27.4 6 1 kyanite garnet Narryer Terrane
28.3 35.55 147.4 11 67.8 10.53 0.145 0.00 0.03 30.3 6 1 kyanite garnet Narryer Terrane
27.4 31 153.8 19.5 55.1 7.46 0.095 0.01 0.04 26.1 6 1 kyanite garnet Narryer Terrane
28.7 30.9 148 16 56.2 7.78 0.14 0.01 0.02 26.8 6 1 kyanite garnet Narryer Terrane
27.8 47.2 164.2 14 56.2 9.3 0.5 0.00 0.02 25.5 6 1 kyanite garnet Narryer Terrane
27.3 37.5 144.5 14.5 49.8 7.35 0.165 0.01 0.07 25.9 6 1 kyanite garnet Narryer Terrane
28.4 32.87 132.7 31 58.3 8.69 0.23 0.01 0.02 27.4 6 1 kyanite garnet Narryer Terrane
29.2 32.4 143.3 34.5 49.9 8.27 0.145 0.01 0.05 24.9 6 1 kyanite garnet Narryer Terrane
20.9 60.8 187.7 29 130.8 23.7 7.5 0.01 0.57 51.0 7 5 sheared garnet gneiss Narryer Terrane
31.3 135 336.2 57 146 34.2 21.5 0.00 0.40 51.9 7 5 sheared garnet gneiss Narryer Terrane
30.2 94.9 325 28 146 21.9 0.37 0.01 0.03 49.3 7 5 sheared garnet gneiss Narryer Terrane
32.9 100.8 231.4 29 103.3 15.28 0.25 0.01 0.02 47.8 7 5 sheared garnet gneiss Narryer Terrane
30 119.8 257 20.5 140 38.7 45 0.01 1.33 47.7 6 1 sheared garnet gneiss Narryer Terrane
31.3 99.6 251.7 44 134.6 21.2 2.41 0.01 0.17 49.8 6 1 sheared garnet gneiss Narryer Terrane
28.2 129.4 235.9 24.5 105.3 22.6 15.6 0.01 0.35 46.0 6 1 sheared garnet gneiss Narryer TerraneAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 357Appendix C Table 1 Page 111 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
N17-12 N17-12.3 - 1 114.8 20.8 3000 125.0 550 0.8 3771 1697 180 0.65 4.7 16.1 0.85 692 1321 42.80 168.1 2.71
N17-12 N17-12.3 - 2 15400 39800 80000 155.0 14400 18.3 3710 1757 66000 83 27 117 27.40 618 1208 39.60 135.6 2.67
N17-12 N17-12.3 - 3 109.7 15.8 2400 3.8 405 1.1 3867 1682 413 1.85 5.7 16.3 1.00 736 1776 48.70 191 2.9
N17-12 N17-12.3 - 4 36000 66000 850000 11.5 21000 59 4230 1800 124000 390 35 175 18.00 593 1483 41.60 180 4.53
N17-12 N17-12.4 - 1 107.4 13 4450 3.6 335 0.85 4010 1464 135 0.485 3.3 14.9 0.26 694 1584 48.10 208 3.33
N17-12 N17-12.4 - 2 105.4 12.5 3200 2.2 440 1.42 3838 1414 478 0.475 5.3 16.4 0.10 685 1037 48.10 183.8 2.81
N17-12 N17-12.4 - 3 450 1420 4650 5.0 450 0.8 3936 1207 2000 30 16.1 36.5 0.70 690 1134 51.20 199.2 3
N17-12 N17-12.4 - 4 113.6 7.5 2550 2.4 315 0.7 3820 1257 215 0.41 4.6 17.3 0.08 676 1166 46.00 201 3.1
N17-12 N17-12.4 - 5 144 41 4500 3.7 280 0.7 3866 1545 310 1.71 5 16.4 0.18 614 1342 47.40 201 3.17
N17-12 N17-12.5 - 1 8100 22400 49000 4.5 2250 9.4 3856 1724 41300 7.3 5.8 39.6 4.07 665 1539 41.30 194 3.22
N17-12 N17-12.5 - 2 119 9 2400 4.2 350 1.18 3730 1492 195 0.21 6.6 13.7 0.17 689 1473 31.00 192 2.38
N17-12 N17-12.5 - 3 120.6 10.5 3750 2.4 215 1.67 3625 1478 390 0.25 6.21 14.8 0.10 710.1 1579 39.90 182.7 2.37
N17-12 N17-12.7 - 1 118.5 11.5 2200 6.5 600 0.8 4051 1826 490 0.57 7 15.6 0.06 723 2186 46.80 194.4 2.35
N17-12 N17-12.7 - 2 116.8 10 3200 3.8 265 0.95 3961 1781 220 0.5 5.2 14.6 0.10 729 1653 50.20 201.3 2.37
N17-13 N17-13.AS1 - 1 497 184 2300 2.1 830 48.3 3660 2227 470 1.73 6.1 20.2 2.48 1646 734 4.00 29.6 6.85
N17-13 N17-13.AS - 1 700 540 2650 2.0 3840 48.5 3720 1918 490 7.2 7.5 17 10.00 1654 753 2.61 26.7 6.08
N17-13 N17-13.AS - 2 140 7.5 3700 2.9 650 47.6 3747 2200 455 0.57 6.4 16.8 0.78 1544 732 3.71 27.7 7.55
N17-13 N17-13.AS2 - 1 760 159 9400 2.0 1060 15 3317 1856 520 0.44 6.1 16 0.10 647 673 7.90 34.9 8.15
N17-13 N17-13.AS3 - 1 304 74 2750 2.0 600 34 3261 1929 350 0.28 6.2 14.1 1.21 1011 516 5.20 25 8.6
N17-13 N17-13.AS3 - 2 142 6.5 3100 2.4 350 58.6 4160 2246 1110 0.41 5.6 17.3 0.14 1254 639 3.30 26.6 7.15
N17-13 N17-13.CS5 - 1 195 69 4750 4.0 265 20.7 4140 1890 9300 0.3 5.3 19.3 23.80 1480 727 3.61 23.3 7.8
N17-13 N17-13.CS6 - 1 125.4 6 1400 3.3 250 32.2 3690 1981 800 0.315 7 15.8 0.71 921 568 2.43 23 8.71
N17-13 N17-13.CS6 - 2 253 36 3000 1.8 310 40.1 3792 2129 320 0.345 5.3 17.1 0.14 913 615 3.08 26.1 9.5
N17-13 N17-13.CS7 - 1 620 570 9800 1.7 1880 21 3710 1961 530 1.09 5.7 16.9 3.30 1050 668 3.03 19.1 5.13
N17-13 N17-13.CS7 - 2 253 30 4350 5.1 490 30.6 3643 2224 350 0.32 4.8 15.4 0.15 848 499 3.07 25.8 7.42
N17-13 N17-13.CS8 - 1 187 20.6 3150 3.5 265 31.2 4130 2276 420 0.205 4.3 14.3 0.18 1548 739 2.32 26.1 6.19
N17-13 N17-13.BS4 - 1 324 65 2850 1.6 330 56.3 4130 2221 361 0.475 6 19.9 0.24 1648 688 3.05 28.9 6.85
N17-13 N17-13.BS4 - 2 144 18.9 3650 2.8 480 58.6 4250 2234 580 0.65 5.6 17 0.08 1678 634.5 3.86 25 5.73
N17-13 N17-13.BS4 - 3 117 14.5 6500 1.8 550 44.6 4330 2102 540 0.46 5.7 14.8 0.06 1732 709 2.61 27 5.91
N17-13 N17-13.BS4 - 4 121.8 8.5 4300 1.9 500 58.2 4254 2275 561 0.75 6 17.8 0.11 1779 687 3.34 26.6 6.08
N17-13 N17-13.BS - 1 110.7 10.5 4300 4.5 550 43.2 4180 2168 410 0.455 5.3 16.7 0.13 1219 438 2.62 25.2 6.63
N17-13 N17-13.ES11 - 1 148.9 6 2500 3.0 260 47.2 4160 2148 590 0.24 5.6 18.6 0.13 1215 518.4 2.61 23.1 6.26
N17-13 N17-13.ES11 - 2 119.6 6 4300 4.0 285 45.5 4120 2187 580 1.05 5.4 15.7 0.07 1221 637 3.36 26.6 7.39
N17-13 N17-13.ES10 - 1 144 165 3950 4.0 2280 46.1 3996 2230 880 0.22 5.9 16 8.80 1278 655 2.92 27.5 5.47
N17-13 N17-13.ES10 - 2 145 12.5 2800 5.0 410 45.4 4169 2273 800 0.9 6.11 16.7 0.11 1293 699 2.65 30.2 6.72
N17-13 N17-13.ES9 - 1 136 7 3050 4.1 385 41.2 4185 2150 720 1 6.8 18.3 0.10 1565 539 2.46 25.7 7.5
N17-13 N17-13.ES9 - 2 138 12.2 3500 2.5 1350 43.4 4210 2140 550 0.355 5.08 20 2.00 1542 498 2.70 26.2 6.56
N17-13 N17-13.ES - 1 120.1 7.5 3850 6.0 460 40.9 4079 2268 540 0.5 5.36 15.6 0.08 1375 575 4.09 27.2 7.42
N17-13 N17-13.F12 - 1 172 8 4000 3.8 550 58.5 4350 2308 400 0.5 5.9 16.9 0.07 1111 603 2.92 30 7.07
N17-13 N17-13.F12 - 2 133 9 3750 3.0 360 57.6 4266 2287 470 0.44 4.5 16.4 0.26 1172 632 3.60 27.2 7.67
N17-13 N17-13.F13 - 1 198 33 2550 2.8 275 60.6 4180 2333 350 1.8 4.9 16.4 0.14 1806 696 2.40 28.2 7.06
N17-13 N17-13.F13 - 2 159 21 3350 4.9 420 62.8 4347 2407 590 0.8 5.4 15.8 0.08 1915 706 2.87 28.7 7.51
N17-13 N17-13.F14 - 1 159 20 7000 3.6 600 63.9 4200 2343 440 0.495 4.9 16 0.15 1453 654 2.49 26.4 7.39
N17-13 N17-13.F14 - 2 125 7.5 4150 4.4 265 59.4 4178 2273 490 0.88 4.91 16.2 0.11 1007 712 2.75 26.4 7.03
N17-13 N17-13.G - 1 204 27 2850 2.6 270 33.4 3660 2040 297 0.41 6.1 15.8 0.13 1441 723 4.11 25.9 6.76358 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 112 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
N17-12 N17-12.3 - 1
N17-12 N17-12.3 - 2
N17-12 N17-12.3 - 3
N17-12 N17-12.3 - 4
N17-12 N17-12.4 - 1
N17-12 N17-12.4 - 2
N17-12 N17-12.4 - 3
N17-12 N17-12.4 - 4
N17-12 N17-12.4 - 5
N17-12 N17-12.5 - 1
N17-12 N17-12.5 - 2
N17-12 N17-12.5 - 3
N17-12 N17-12.7 - 1
N17-12 N17-12.7 - 2
N17-13 N17-13.AS1 - 1
N17-13 N17-13.AS - 1
N17-13 N17-13.AS - 2
N17-13 N17-13.AS2 - 1
N17-13 N17-13.AS3 - 1
N17-13 N17-13.AS3 - 2
N17-13 N17-13.CS5 - 1
N17-13 N17-13.CS6 - 1
N17-13 N17-13.CS6 - 2
N17-13 N17-13.CS7 - 1
N17-13 N17-13.CS7 - 2
N17-13 N17-13.CS8 - 1
N17-13 N17-13.BS4 - 1
N17-13 N17-13.BS4 - 2
N17-13 N17-13.BS4 - 3
N17-13 N17-13.BS4 - 4
N17-13 N17-13.BS - 1
N17-13 N17-13.ES11 - 1
N17-13 N17-13.ES11 - 2
N17-13 N17-13.ES10 - 1
N17-13 N17-13.ES10 - 2
N17-13 N17-13.ES9 - 1
N17-13 N17-13.ES9 - 2
N17-13 N17-13.ES - 1
N17-13 N17-13.F12 - 1
N17-13 N17-13.F12 - 2
N17-13 N17-13.F13 - 1
N17-13 N17-13.F13 - 2
N17-13 N17-13.F14 - 1
N17-13 N17-13.F14 - 2
N17-13 N17-13.G - 1Hf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
31.9 79 216.9 40 104.1 16.6 0.47 0.01 0.03 49.9 7 5 sheared garnet gneiss Narryer Terrane
28.6 147.8 236.6 64 105.3 34.4 36.3 0.02 0.57 49.6 6 1 sheared garnet gneiss Narryer Terrane
28.3 114.9 298.8 18 110.4 17.7 1.51 0.04 0.27 49.1 7 5 sheared garnet gneiss Narryer Terrane
27.1 142.9 258.6 45.5 165 61 66 0.03 0.50 44.3 6 1 sheared garnet gneiss Narryer Terrane
27.9 111.2 140.1 16.5 118.2 16.6 0.49 0.01 0.04 47.6 7 5 sheared garnet gneiss Narryer Terrane
28.2 68.9 166 16 111 16.38 2 0.01 0.11 47.1 7 5 sheared garnet gneiss Narryer Terrane
29.3 60.6 203.1 35 122.6 20.2 6.1 0.04 1.41 49.4 7 5 sheared garnet gneiss Narryer Terrane
29.8 82.5 214.4 10 119.6 16.4 0.135 0.01 0.04 49.6 7 5 sheared garnet gneiss Narryer Terrane
28.2 116.4 222.1 12 119.5 17.7 3 0.04 0.09 49.3 7 5 sheared garnet gneiss Narryer Terrane
29.6 103.8 270 22 120.2 20.2 5.4 0.01 0.23 46.3 6 1 sheared garnet gneiss Narryer Terrane
29.3 111.6 225.8 12 118.7 17.7 0.175 0.01 0.02 49.1 7 5 sheared garnet gneiss Narryer Terrane
28.6 95 200.2 29 104.7 15.07 0.105 0.01 0.03 46.4 7 5 sheared garnet gneiss Narryer Terrane
31.5 97.5 209.1 25 112.1 16.9 0.185 0.02 0.03 46.3 7 5 sheared garnet gneiss Narryer Terrane
29.3 131.8 141.1 16 112.4 15.3 0.165 0.03 0.02 46.5 7 5 sheared garnet gneiss Narryer Terrane
60.6 12.63 21.4 11.5 74.3 6.88 0.27 0.01 0.89 61.3 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern Norway
58.5 12.18 25.5 17.5 59.5 5.63 0.68 0.01 1.34 57.5 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern Norway
52.4 9.81 15.7 11.5 53.6 4.63 0.125 0.01 0.03 47.7 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern Norway
33.7 19.03 27.8 13 100.3 9.23 0.7 0.01 0.15 76.9 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern Norway
33.8 7.71 26.2 15.5 82.1 7.7 0.085 0.01 0.12 69.3 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern Norway
46.7 10.82 18 15 61.1 5.35 0.085 0.01 0.01 50.8 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern Norway
63 16.07 26.5 14.5 72 6.2 0.18 0.01 0.18 62.0 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern Norway
37.6 9.96 24.1 10 58.9 5.18 0.31 0.01 0.07 52.5 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern Norway
35.4 10.28 16.8 11 69.5 5.87 0.105 0.01 0.01 51.3 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern Norway
43.8 14.74 27.9 11.5 46.1 4.4 0.37 0.01 0.07 43.9 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern Norway
26.2 5.51 7.94 15 62.5 5.13 0.105 0.01 0.02 47.7 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern Norway
53.7 14.69 18.7 18 54.6 4.09 0.065 0.00 0.08 46.3 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern Norway
57.6 13.48 28.9 13.5 58.1 5.43 0.39 0.01 0.10 46.1 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern Norway
56 12.81 29.2 17.5 46.6 3.67 0.165 0.01 0.02 44.5 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern Norway
66.2 25.15 40.2 16 51.4 4.75 0.18 0.01 0.12 44.7 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern Norway
64.7 13.68 28.6 15.5 50.1 4.34 0.15 0.01 0.03 48.1 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern Norway
37.4 10.87 24.2 3.75 52.5 4.64 0.135 0.01 0.07 46.2 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern Norway
40.4 9.95 26.8 4.4 47.5 4.6 0.1 0.00 0.05 48.7 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern Norway
45.3 17.62 28.6 6 56.5 4.52 0.16 0.01 0.02 50.0 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern Norway
45.7 13.4 26 4.5 48.3 5.08 0.135 0.02 0.11 47.5 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern Norway
50.1 17.54 33.8 6.5 53.3 5.14 0.155 0.00 0.02 47.7 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern Norway
51.4 8.59 26.6 6.5 57.6 4.79 0.085 0.01 0.01 46.5 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern Norway
48.6 8.66 25.4 4.25 50 4.53 0.085 0.01 0.01 47.4 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern Norway
45.8 14.16 29.8 6 58.6 5.04 0.16 0.01 0.04 44.9 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern Norway
40.2 10.26 25.6 8 56.7 5.86 0.165 0.01 0.03 45.7 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern Norway
45.3 11.97 25.1 6.5 58.8 5.35 0.18 0.01 0.03 44.8 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern Norway
51.9 11.02 25.8 3.3 55.3 5.19 0.115 0.00 0.02 44.3 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern Norway
59.8 11.45 24.5 4.9 56.7 5.32 0.18 0.01 0.03 43.3 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern Norway
54.1 11.75 29.1 3.2 58.4 5.05 0.13 0.01 0.12 44.5 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern Norway
35.8 8.92 19.8 4.25 53.3 4.92 0.13 0.01 0.04 43.3 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern Norway
49.4 12.83 29.7 3.9 59.4 6.42 0.23 0.00 0.32 48.6 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern NorwayAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 359Appendix C Table 1 Page 113 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
N17-13 N17-13.G - 2 146 13.7 3550 3.5 245 41.4 3690 2079 365 0.7 4.7 15.4 0.11 1496 759 2.90 23.1 7.17
N17-13 N17-13.D - 1 113.3 15.8 1750 2.3 245 56.6 4030 1273 752 0.9 4.26 16.2 0.12 1591 251.7 3.09 28.9 6.27
N17-13 N17-13.D - 2 119 6.5 3900 3.1 340 57.8 4200 1287 777 1.1 5.8 17.2 0.07 1739 253 2.55 27.1 6.89
N17-13 N17-13.D - 3 107.6 7.5 2800 2.7 600 49.1 4140 1029 730 0.33 5.5 15.9 0.40 1464 220.3 1.79 21.4 6.03
N17-13 N17-13.D - 4 116.1 6.5 3400 4.1 310 44.4 3990 1010 740 0.75 6.2 16.2 0.36 544 43.7 4.60 23.7 8.07
N17-14 E17-14.16S - 1 140 21.3 2150 7.9 420 6.81 1681 261 1460 0.315 5.8 14.4 0.17 1524 297.7 4.12 21.9 5.76
N17-14 E17-14.16S - 2 119.2 68 2700 7.5 2250 6.57 1651 263.8 1011 1.15 5.48 14.6 0.19 1478 267.2 3.74 21.9 6.12
N17-14 E17-14.E - 1 215 4660 37300 10.0 45300 143.1 2172 310 3570 0.435 5.6 17.2 259.30 1905 339 4.20 32.4 6.22
N17-14 E17-14.E - 2 153.5 3740 20600 9.6 39000 103 1914 246.7 2940 0.91 5.5 15.8 250.00 1321 238.1 4.00 27.8 5.23
N17-14 E17-14.E10S - 1 222 161 2100 7.7 990 5.21 1077 74.2 1700 0.485 6.9 16.4 5.70 1482 310.6 4.78 22.4 5.31
N17-14 E17-14.E10S - 2 122.9 7.5 3050 5.5 360 3.96 1066 69.6 1860 0.55 6.03 16.4 0.94 1519 303.3 4.15 25.6 5.64
N17-14 E17-14.E13S - 1 143 47.4 3350 5.8 490 3.48 1049 75.9 1650 0.22 6 15 1.00 1768 381.8 4.41 25.9 5.27
N17-14 E17-14.E13S - 2 160 182 2750 8.4 550 3.35 1061 79.2 1610 0.5 6.8 14.1 1.09 1685 381.7 4.19 29.9 6.15
N17-14 E17-14.E11S - 1 137 45.6 2950 5.8 355 4.55 1068 93.7 1900 0.385 6 18.1 0.09 1667 361.5 4.57 24.7 5.92
N17-14 E17-14.E11S - 2 123 30.8 4750 5.3 360 4.11 1098 89.5 1580 0.65 6.4 17.2 0.09 1691 383.7 4.53 25.3 6.19
N17-14 E17-14.E12S - 1 142 472 5000 6.6 5070 15.7 1112 74.2 2350 0.58 7.7 15.7 30.00 1688 291 5.10 24.8 5.02
N17-14 E17-14.E15S - 1 166 351 1950 7.0 3050 10 1083 84.9 1370 0.65 7.1 16.3 14.40 1165 191.8 3.67 22.1 5.23
N17-14 E17-14.E15S - 2 117.3 48 5000 7.2 335 4.6 1109 93.7 1680 0.34 5.1 16.3 1.09 1201 249.2 4.88 22.4 5.24
N17-14 E17-14.E14S - 1 200 46 2900 8.6 280 2.3 1110 103.2 1950 0.305 7.2 20.7 1.16 1544 397 5.40 21.3 6.15
N17-14 E17-14.C7S - 1 199 80 2600 6.5 275 3.25 1107 103 1830 0.55 6.7 18.5 0.82 1466 295.7 4.32 19.5 6.2
N17-14 E17-14.C7S - 2 123.5 32.2 4450 7.9 500 4.06 1081 101.7 1630 0.29 6.3 17.1 1.10 1367 265.5 3.61 19.6 6.72
N17-14 E17-14.C8S - 1 650 860 10700 7.6 4400 4.31 1028 126.2 1510 1.19 6.9 17.7 2.93 1640 363.9 5.10 21.4 5.67
N17-14 E17-14.C9S - 1 234 47.6 3050 3.0 300 3.48 1010 105.5 3660 1.03 7.2 19.8 0.20 1672 731 4.30 17.7 5.89
N17-14 E17-14.C9S - 2 129 1070 5500 6.8 8200 11.9 1039 103.5 1950 0.6 5.8 16.1 58.00 1623 662 3.80 21.1 5.7
N17-14 E17-14.B4S - 1 254 94 1850 5.9 730 7.4 1778 168.4 1540 0.35 6 16.2 5.20 990 180.2 3.21 18.31 5.03
N17-14 E17-14.B4S - 2 108.9 50.3 2750 7.5 285 6.67 1728 158.9 1434 0.49 5.1 16.4 0.03 1185 201.7 3.97 19.4 5.8
N17-14 E17-14.B4S - 3 260 47 2450 6.0 290 4.7 1759 173 1610 0.5 5.9 14.9 3.01 1400 245.8 4.50 20.7 6.19
N17-14 E17-14.B5S - 1 745 520 14500 7.0 4500 10.2 1944 243.1 1550 0.94 7.2 16 6.40 1517 274.4 3.94 23.6 5.46
N17-14 E17-14.B6S - 1 610 132 5300 1.8 880 5.45 1467 85.3 1900 0.9 7.3 16.9 2.72 1661 299 3.50 23.4 6.91
N17-14 E17-14.B6S - 2 290 185 2600 3.6 910 5.49 1422 84.6 1350 0.93 5.5 18.1 2.66 1642 290.5 3.62 26.3 6.23
N17-14 E17-14.A1S - 1 188 41 2800 1.9 330 2.24 1117 114.5 1970 0.46 6.3 15.2 0.10 1400 471 5.60 18.6 5.78
N17-14 E17-14.A2S - 1 155 424 2650 2.0 2510 2.82 1020 111.5 1660 0.28 7.2 16.4 6.30 1452 676 5.00 17.9 5.83
N17-14 E17-14.A3S - 1 249 108 5400 2.3 720 3.48 1026 119.4 2270 0.34 6.8 18.7 5.90 1458 878 5.80 22.1 5.99
N17-14 E17-14.A4 - 1 113.8 360 4800 1.6 4100 8.9 1034 120.3 2180 0.31 6.1 15.3 40.00 1398 869 4.71 19 5.58
N17-14 E17-14.A4 - 2 189 1581 20000 2.8 19040 50 1310 121.2 2660 0.51 6.7 18 131.20 1417 819 5.43 21.7 5.76
N17-14 E17-14.F17S - 1 265 313 2350 2.1 2610 14.1 1814 228.4 1330 0.87 6.6 17.6 16.60 2158 405.6 4.04 19.8 4.35
N17-14 E17-14.F2 - 1 427 263 6400 1.4 1340 14.6 1996 336.2 1180 1.74 5.6 15.8 8.60 1980 168.2 3.99 25.6 6
Inga INGA - 26 116 194 14500 4.2 1800 18.3 996 104 3770 1.5 5 7 0.36 3520 1320 13.70 273 3.1
Inga INGA - 27 130 210 19500 4.1 1400 17.6 965 122 3870 1.2 5.5 15.4 0.42 3474 1306 14.40 266 2.7
Inga INGA - 28 116 166 13000 2.9 1550 26.2 990 118 3690 1.8 7 7 0.50 3840 1351 13.90 267 2.75
Inga INGA - 29 156 209 14000 5.5 1600 25.9 1015 76 3400 4.3 6 7.5 0.43 4090 1412 15.00 347 1.05
Inga INGA - 30 149 183 17500 7.5 1400 25.4 1030 75 3090 3.25 4.7 14 0.91 4240 1413 13.60 356 1.1
Inga INGA - 31 164 208 19000 9.0 1450 25.3 970 78 3160 3.85 6.5 9 0.37 3640 1377 10.50 337 1.2
Inga INGA - 32 141 176 28500 0.7 1450 18.3 985 38.7 3340 3.65 5.5 7.5 0.31 3058 1293 17.20 286 1.3
Inga INGA - 33 146 166 22000 0.1 1900 22 1012 40 3060 2.9 4 8 0.36 3580 1291 12.10 267 0.55360 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 114 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
N17-13 N17-13.G - 2
N17-13 N17-13.D - 1
N17-13 N17-13.D - 2
N17-13 N17-13.D - 3
N17-13 N17-13.D - 4
N17-14 E17-14.16S - 1
N17-14 E17-14.16S - 2
N17-14 E17-14.E - 1
N17-14 E17-14.E - 2
N17-14 E17-14.E10S - 1
N17-14 E17-14.E10S - 2
N17-14 E17-14.E13S - 1
N17-14 E17-14.E13S - 2
N17-14 E17-14.E11S - 1
N17-14 E17-14.E11S - 2
N17-14 E17-14.E12S - 1
N17-14 E17-14.E15S - 1
N17-14 E17-14.E15S - 2
N17-14 E17-14.E14S - 1
N17-14 E17-14.C7S - 1
N17-14 E17-14.C7S - 2
N17-14 E17-14.C8S - 1
N17-14 E17-14.C9S - 1
N17-14 E17-14.C9S - 2
N17-14 E17-14.B4S - 1
N17-14 E17-14.B4S - 2
N17-14 E17-14.B4S - 3
N17-14 E17-14.B5S - 1
N17-14 E17-14.B6S - 1
N17-14 E17-14.B6S - 2
N17-14 E17-14.A1S - 1
N17-14 E17-14.A2S - 1
N17-14 E17-14.A3S - 1
N17-14 E17-14.A4 - 1
N17-14 E17-14.A4 - 2
N17-14 E17-14.F17S - 1
N17-14 E17-14.F2 - 1
Inga INGA - 26
Inga INGA - 27
Inga INGA - 28
Inga INGA - 29
Inga INGA - 30
Inga INGA - 31
Inga INGA - 32
Inga INGA - 33Hf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
51.7 13.4 27.9 6 57.5 5.3 0.13 0.01 0.01 48.3 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern Norway
31 3.38 24.6 3.8 55.8 5.29 0.065 0.01 0.01 45.4 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern Norway
39.3 4.84 31.5 2.75 54.3 4.98 0.16 0.00 0.03 44.5 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern Norway
41.5 7.03 36.2 8.5 55.2 5.32 0.145 0.01 0.03 47.0 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern Norway
8.4 0.134 6.8 2.6 51.2 4.48 0.16 0.00 0.03 41.6 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern Norway
35.7 13.93 30.9 7.5 56.7 5.26 0.15 0.01 0.03 54.6 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
34.4 10.22 30.9 3.9 58.6 5.67 0.15 0.01 0.04 54.6 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
49.2 11.81 37.9 6 73.5 14 12.1 0.01 4.13 54.5 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
34.9 5.89 29.6 9.5 64.7 11.07 7.8 0.02 2.90 53.4 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
28.1 11.4 36.1 4.1 56.8 6 0.37 0.01 0.05 57.4 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
29 18.19 35.1 9.5 71.1 7.34 0.12 0.01 0.03 63.0 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
35.4 11.91 38.9 6.5 61.2 5.71 0.1 0.01 0.03 60.2 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
33.6 9.58 35.9 11.5 69.9 6.18 0.135 0.01 0.34 60.6 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
31.8 17.22 43.8 3.75 65.5 6.08 0.19 0.01 0.02 60.6 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
31.6 14.73 38.8 8 69.2 6.74 0.16 0.01 0.02 63.3 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
33 24.83 42.6 8 61.2 6.5 0.71 0.02 0.45 60.4 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
19.2 7.84 21.6 8 63.9 6.29 0.65 0.01 0.74 61.9 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
22.4 6.01 24.5 4.5 68.2 7.3 0.17 0.02 0.04 60.9 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
27.6 15.99 40.6 4.6 76.8 6.68 0.09 0.01 0.02 65.1 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
31.9 9.36 31.5 4.1 67.1 7.4 0.11 0.01 0.02 59.7 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
27.9 8.04 33 3.5 69.9 6.69 0.11 0.00 0.02 61.7 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
37.7 17.86 39.2 4.7 66.4 5.96 0.7 0.01 0.23 60.0 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
37.2 31.6 35.9 4.55 55.1 4.99 0.11 0.01 0.05 56.3 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
37.9 26.6 33.9 3.35 59.7 6.4 1.93 0.03 1.63 51.9 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
22.6 6.68 19.8 3.65 55.9 5.91 0.95 0.00 0.39 50.6 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
24.2 8.01 22.4 3.7 56.1 5.55 0.075 0.01 0.01 51.2 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
26.5 11.34 25.7 4.75 59.7 5.28 0.2 0.01 0.05 51.3 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
34.8 20.51 28.9 6.5 64.1 6.4 0.85 0.01 0.53 51.3 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
37.2 11.6 23.9 15 70 6.16 0.49 0.01 0.09 57.6 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
38.5 14.93 29.7 22 75.6 6.87 0.47 0.01 0.20 55.3 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
30.7 15.64 40.2 13 70.1 6.52 0.09 0.01 0.02 63.8 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
32 19.68 41.9 13 66.4 5.8 0.33 0.01 0.30 61.0 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
32.8 95.8 45.3 13.5 75.6 6.57 0.78 0.01 2.25 68.3 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
27.3 136.7 43.1 15.5 70.7 6.8 1.11 0.01 0.78 58.6 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
27.6 123.9 41.9 21.5 76.7 8.91 3.79 0.01 1.67 63.9 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
56.1 10.73 36.4 9 47.4 3.97 0.46 0.01 0.30 56.2 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
57.1 3.19 33.7 13 64.6 6.17 0.5 0.01 0.12 56.2 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
128 40.9 1007 12 158 19.7 1.6 0.09 0.49 470.0 6 4 spinel-pargasite anorthite Madagascar
131 39.9 953 16.5 169 20.1 2.3 0.07 0.55 461.0 6 4 spinel-pargasite anorthite Madagascar
140 42.4 1056 20.5 171.7 15.8 2.25 0.11 0.42 497.0 6 4 spinel-pargasite anorthite Madagascar
148 41 1207 15 146 15 2.05 0.12 0.36 497.0 6 4 spinel-pargasite anorthite Madagascar
155 44.4 1286 15 156 22.1 1.7 0.11 0.38 531.0 6 4 spinel-pargasite anorthite Madagascar
125 41.8 1083 1 134 14.8 1.7 0.14 0.44 482.0 6 4 spinel-pargasite anorthite Madagascar
124 43.8 916 6 178 14.9 1.85 0.10 0.26 403.0 6 4 spinel-pargasite anorthite Madagascar
135 39 956 7.5 195 11.9 1.6 0.10 0.21 433.0 6 4 spinel-pargasite anorthite MadagascarAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 361Appendix C Table 1 Page 115 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
Inga INGA - 34 146 156 16000 0.5 1450 16.3 1030 47.2 3720 4.7 5 8 0.37 3850 1342 7.90 262 0.315
Inga INGA - 35 153 208 27500 3.3 1750 24.1 1051 378 3850 3.6 7 9.5 0.43 3770 1322 15.10 295 1.65
Inga INGA - 36 157 236 20500 3.7 1650 19.9 992 392 3300 3.1 7.5 8.5 0.37 3740 1260 12.70 257 2.5
Inga INGA - 37 154 202 19500 3.3 1600 21.9 997 270 3600 3.6 7 12 0.39 3930 1318 16.20 284 1.1
Inga INGA - 38 122 183 17500 2.7 2050 22.2 1026 332 3940 2.9 6.5 9 0.55 3820 1272 14.60 267 1.25
Inga INGA - 39 178 195 20500 1.9 1450 25.3 1035 80 3360 3.8 7 6.5 0.33 3550 1197 9.70 300 1.15
Inga INGA - 40 165 199 21500 2.8 1700 20.1 1011 69 3590 5.5 8 7 0.42 3530 1252 11.70 328 1.9
Inga INGA - 11 139 218 6500 2.3 650 20.9 934 138 3030 3.9 2.9 4.55 0.16 2817 1187 13.80 618 1.45
Inga INGA - 12 240 390 8000 2.4 700 23.6 1022 112 3070 2.35 2.15 9.8 0.31 3310 1305 15.90 652 1.7
Inga INGA - 13 143 289 8500 2.2 650 22.9 977 139 3380 1.75 2.25 12.4 0.26 3433 1227 15.10 631 2.05
Inga INGA - 14 129 255 5500 6.0 550 26 988 232 3750 2.1 2.05 10.9 0.16 3710 1307 15.70 404 2.4
Inga INGA - 15 141 253 10500 6.0 550 29.4 977 224 3580 2.2 2.1 7.1 0.16 3908 1336 19.40 397 2.25
Inga INGA - 16 134 229 7000 5.0 550 23.7 942 225 3350 1.1 2.1 10.6 0.11 2732 1277 17.10 379 0.7
Inga INGA - 17 143 210 10500 2.9 550 24.4 1006 107 3280 1.8 2.5 8.9 0.14 3263 1257 22.20 447 0.77
Inga INGA - 18 520 790 9000 4.2 700 25.5 1018 121 3450 1.05 2.95 11.4 0.37 3605 1263 17.50 478 0.495
Inga INGA - 19 136 254 6000 3.3 550 23 1037 119.1 3460 0.85 3.25 3 0.19 3805 1265 17.70 473 0.5
Inga INGA - 20 143 236 11000 3.2 700 24.1 945 100 3200 1.25 2.7 4.25 0.21 3150 1272 13.80 715 0.8
Inga INGA - 21 137 236 7500 2.2 495 22.9 948 86 3470 3.1 2.5 3.7 0.18 3470 1264 15.50 763 0.5
Inga INGA - 22 121 245 22000 5.5 550 20.6 964 137 3450 1.6 2.85 2.75 0.11 3600 1356 15.60 284 1.44
Inga INGA - 23 159 249 10000 4.8 1050 27.6 1011 110 3910 3.6 3.2 10.1 0.37 4030 1364 13.50 370 1.29
Inga INGA - 24 142 239 18900 5.5 800 31.1 995 118 3500 2.15 4 3.2 0.21 3994 1357 10.10 347 1.54
Inga INGA - 25 148 197 6500 6.0 650 24.6 970 104 3270 2.6 3.3 3.6 0.33 2854 1277 14.20 364 1.69
Inga INGA - 1 132 232 2750 3.4 385 21.4 993 156 3910 1.45 4.3 11.5 0.12 3990 1280 18.50 262 1.47
Inga INGA - 2 130 211 5000 2.9 385 23.8 992 155.1 3930 2.3 2 10.5 0.21 3970 1294 21.20 259 1.2
Inga INGA - 3 125.7 221 2650 1.7 375 22.7 964 111.7 3130 1.24 2.6 8.1 0.11 3259 1302 21.30 247.4 1.1
Inga INGA - 4 140 219 4600 1.1 300 24.3 989 117.1 3390 1.05 1.35 10.1 0.21 3668 1324 19.20 263 0.7
Inga INGA - 5 128 221 6000 1.3 395 22 954 116.1 3270 1.95 4.2 10 0.09 3685 1274 17.80 239 0.76
Inga INGA - 6 139 202 9000 1.6 285 23.2 985 110.8 3690 1.05 1.2 12 0.19 3988 1350 19.40 245 0.95
Inga INGA - 7 141 256 21900 1.6 370 22.5 970 113.3 3940 0.83 1.75 8.8 0.20 3949 1323 16.10 241 0.94
Inga INGA - 8 131.9 280 6500 2.2 485 24.1 981 105.8 3850 0.9 1.45 8.1 0.13 3894 1362 21.30 262 2.84
Inga INGA - 9 132.2 253 3850 1.6 360 23.6 1009 102.6 3940 0.7 1.35 9.3 0.12 3921 1362 18.30 245.2 1.83
Inga INGA - 10 146.9 241 6000 1.9 380 23.1 972 135.1 4090 1.1 2.05 8 0.19 3900 1325 17.90 268 1.36
N17-34 N17-34.A1 - 1 137 83 2300 2.3 380 4.2 941 193.3 2560 1.46 4.8 10.7 0.23 1363 532 31.30 14.1 9.31
N17-34 N17-34.A2 - 1 400 320 6000 2.7 395 1.4 925 191.4 5080 0.75 1.75 11.6 0.49 1158 533 33.60 14.2 9.31
N17-34 N17-34.A2 - 2 134 67.5 5500 2.6 380 3.64 936 188.5 3430 1.33 1.9 12.2 0.13 1168 579 33.50 13.4 8.88
N17-34 N17-34.A3 - 1 133 34 5000 3.0 500 1.35 870 168.5 4560 1.1 4.3 12.9 0.31 1128 513 33.30 14.5 9.05
N17-34 N17-34.A4 - 1 131 99 7000 2.8 500 1.55 985 201.5 2650 1.55 2.25 11.1 0.09 1190 641 35.00 14.8 9.59
N17-34 N17-34.B1 - 1 133.8 63.6 4550 2.8 600 1.5 1070 215.2 2610 1.1 4.5 9.8 0.59 1608 393 36.20 15.3 8.69
N17-34 N17-34.B1 - 2 133.1 82 3150 1.9 365 3.29 1028 204.9 4460 0.8 4.1 9 0.08 1502 378 32.10 14.4 8.8
N17-34 N17-34.B1 - 3 136 87.2 3900 2.7 475 2.91 1048 202.4 2470 0.75 4.9 9.3 0.22 1620 399 36.20 13.6 9.24
N17-34 N17-34.B3 - 1 211 248 4550 3.2 500 3.5 1053 102.3 2840 0.7 1.35 3.95 0.84 1952 489 32.20 15.6 9.9
N17-34 N17-34.B4 - 1 523 753 12400 3.1 6160 1.4 1041 105.7 6850 1.18 1.6 4.9 3.65 1560 368.6 28.30 16.2 11.5
N17-34 N17-34.B5 - 1 127.6 42.1 14500 3.1 500 1.25 1018 106.6 2460 0.95 3.7 13.1 0.11 1546 333 28.30 13.4 11.2
N17-34 N17-34.B6 - 1 128 60 9800 2.6 450 3.1 1083 115.6 2290 1.1 1.9 14.5 0.45 1142 217.4 30.60 13.6 11.5
N17-34 N17-34.B7 - 1 210 100 6000 4.2 435 1.75 1087 197.7 2120 1.75 1.8 4.5 0.43 1304 218.4 28.50 14.4 11.28362 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 116 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
Inga INGA - 34
Inga INGA - 35
Inga INGA - 36
Inga INGA - 37
Inga INGA - 38
Inga INGA - 39
Inga INGA - 40
Inga INGA - 11
Inga INGA - 12
Inga INGA - 13
Inga INGA - 14
Inga INGA - 15
Inga INGA - 16
Inga INGA - 17
Inga INGA - 18
Inga INGA - 19
Inga INGA - 20
Inga INGA - 21
Inga INGA - 22
Inga INGA - 23
Inga INGA - 24
Inga INGA - 25
Inga INGA - 1
Inga INGA - 2
Inga INGA - 3
Inga INGA - 4
Inga INGA - 5
Inga INGA - 6
Inga INGA - 7
Inga INGA - 8
Inga INGA - 9
Inga INGA - 10
N17-34 N17-34.A1 - 1
N17-34 N17-34.A2 - 1
N17-34 N17-34.A2 - 2
N17-34 N17-34.A3 - 1
N17-34 N17-34.A4 - 1
N17-34 N17-34.B1 - 1
N17-34 N17-34.B1 - 2
N17-34 N17-34.B1 - 3
N17-34 N17-34.B3 - 1
N17-34 N17-34.B4 - 1
N17-34 N17-34.B5 - 1
N17-34 N17-34.B6 - 1
N17-34 N17-34.B7 - 1Hf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
127 37.7 983 7 189 16.6 1.4 0.09 0.20 443.0 6 4 spinel-pargasite anorthite Madagascar
134 40.9 1106 18 205 10.8 1.65 0.17 0.39 318.0 6 4 spinel-pargasite anorthite Madagascar
128 37.5 1006 23.5 200 6.7 1.65 0.22 0.27 302.0 6 4 spinel-pargasite anorthite Madagascar
131 38.8 1136 16.5 227 10.1 1.75 0.15 0.41 320.0 6 4 spinel-pargasite anorthite Madagascar
121 36.7 1052 19 194 12.9 1.9 0.15 0.30 318.0 6 4 spinel-pargasite anorthite Madagascar
118.4 38.8 1006 285 311 18.4 1.45 0.09 0.29 302.0 6 4 spinel-pargasite anorthite Madagascar
116 39 1055 345 390 22.9 1.85 0.14 0.39 319.0 6 4 spinel-pargasite anorthite Madagascar
96.4 25 582 16 123 6.8 0.65 0.09 0.10 289.0 6 4 spinel-pargasite anorthite Madagascar
110.3 33 909 13.5 175 12.7 2.1 0.06 0.16 394.0 6 4 spinel-pargasite anorthite Madagascar
109.5 33.6 916 24.5 179.6 11.4 0.75 0.06 0.12 418.0 6 4 spinel-pargasite anorthite Madagascar
117.2 38.3 1103 13.1 184 12.3 0.7 0.17 0.13 446.0 6 4 spinel-pargasite anorthite Madagascar
127.9 36.8 1081 6 178 12.4 0.6 0.19 0.16 458.0 6 4 spinel-pargasite anorthite Madagascar
91.7 25.2 546 11.2 100.7 7.2 0.75 0.11 0.16 281.0 6 4 spinel-pargasite anorthite Madagascar
131.7 32.5 792 31.5 160.2 12.9 0.75 0.06 0.16 345.0 6 4 spinel-pargasite anorthite Madagascar
137 35.6 976 32.5 200 20.4 4.9 0.06 0.58 394.0 6 4 spinel-pargasite anorthite Madagascar
161 36.5 994 30 200 14.8 0.7 0.03 0.15 440.0 6 4 spinel-pargasite anorthite Madagascar
105.5 30.8 890 19 182 12.6 0.9 0.55 0.12 425.0 6 4 spinel-pargasite anorthite Madagascar
117 33.3 1014 21 195 16.3 0.9 0.85 0.19 473.0 6 4 spinel-pargasite anorthite Madagascar
115.1 37.1 1004 14 178 11.9 0.7 0.08 0.14 447.0 6 4 spinel-pargasite anorthite Madagascar
137.9 41.9 1042 13.5 220 13.1 0.8 0.07 0.18 501.0 6 4 spinel-pargasite anorthite Madagascar
126.6 40.1 954 14.5 208 12.7 0.8 0.08 0.18 462.0 6 4 spinel-pargasite anorthite Madagascar
101.4 29.2 659 15 169 11.4 1 0.10 0.16 335.0 6 4 spinel-pargasite anorthite Madagascar
126.1 38.4 1242 6 237 16.6 0.37 0.17 0.08 503.0 6 4 spinel-pargasite anorthite Madagascar
125.5 38.8 1213 14 206 13.6 0.365 0.04 0.05 507.0 6 4 spinel-pargasite anorthite Madagascar
110.8 38.8 1052 8.5 195 12.9 0.3 0.47 0.06 442.0 6 4 spinel-pargasite anorthite Madagascar
120.2 38.3 1124 8 217 14.5 0.3 0.35 0.04 456.0 6 4 spinel-pargasite anorthite Madagascar
120.4 36.9 1139 17 200 13.9 0.55 0.47 0.07 451.0 6 4 spinel-pargasite anorthite Madagascar
126.1 41.2 1208 5.5 213 14 0.425 0.08 0.06 520.0 6 4 spinel-pargasite anorthite Madagascar
129.1 38.5 1176 6.5 210.6 14.6 0.55 0.09 0.07 497.0 6 4 spinel-pargasite anorthite Madagascar
130 39.6 1164 16.5 253 18.2 0.6 0.09 0.10 503.0 6 4 spinel-pargasite anorthite Madagascar
130.5 40.9 1155 12.5 228 15.2 0.55 0.07 0.14 515.0 6 4 spinel-pargasite anorthite Madagascar
126.4 40.9 1274 16.5 212 16.4 0.55 0.11 0.18 528.0 6 4 spinel-pargasite anorthite Madagascar
32.1 15.81 72.1 23 93.7 8.5 0.255 0.06 0.10 100.3 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
28.3 12.31 62 15 98.9 9.7 0.275 0.08 0.12 108.5 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
32.5 15.42 61.5 25 94.8 9 0.36 0.04 0.05 101.7 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
26.1 11.54 56.3 20 93 8.6 0.395 0.04 0.07 101.1 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
30.9 11.25 64.9 17.5 91.4 8.6 0.55 0.02 0.05 99.7 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
46.6 13.74 74.2 14 92.6 9.8 0.55 0.03 0.11 104.8 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
41.7 10.33 64 15.5 101.2 9.4 0.335 0.11 4.19 108.1 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
45.1 10.78 61.8 16 91.9 9.2 0.26 0.05 0.21 103.2 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
57.3 18.97 78.6 15 108.8 8.27 0.27 0.28 0.15 111.2 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
40.4 10.98 67.3 15.5 110.4 9.4 0.485 0.23 0.97 109.3 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
38.4 7.2 58.9 9.5 102.2 8.5 0.325 0.19 0.04 107.6 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
33 7.91 61.4 15.5 100.3 8.3 0.44 0.19 0.84 107.5 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
36.1 8.48 55 24.5 103.9 9.3 0.41 0.23 0.07 109.4 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern NorwayAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 363Appendix C Table 1 Page 117 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
N17-34 N17-34.B8 - 1 184 4070 21000 1.4 1700 1.5 1006 130.4 2710 0.85 1.55 11.5 0.69 827 249.9 38.30 14.3 6.11
N17-34 N17-34.C1 - 1 130.4 18 6000 2.1 500 1.35 745 147.3 2320 1.15 1.65 10 0.10 1126 1015 36.30 16.2 4.95
N17-34 N17-34.C1 - 2 176 56 11600 2.0 500 1.65 770 146.6 3300 0.7 1.85 4.5 0.61 1286 881 36.50 16.2 6.56
N17-34 N17-34.C1 - 3 138.8 60.8 21200 1.5 550 1.4 730 162.2 2580 0.65 3.3 10.1 0.17 924 1035 39.90 17.9 6.09
N17-34 N17-34.C2 - 1 140.2 59 11600 1.3 420 2.85 786 158.6 3140 1.1 1.9 16 0.09 1278 1057 33.60 14.7 6.41
N17-34 N17-34.C3 - 1 139.9 30.3 4100 1.0 315 2.74 718 144.5 2630 1 5 13.3 0.19 994 1051 34.80 15.3 5.65
N17-34 N17-34.C4 - 1 233 156 3950 2.3 285 1 701 145.8 43800 1.8 4 16.1 0.69 1030 651 41.60 11 17.1
N17-34 N17-34.C5 - 1 144 36.4 3600 3.6 355 3.27 738 130.5 3210 1.05 4.2 7.5 0.29 1087 1084 42.30 13.6 15.8
N17-34 N17-34.C6 - 1 660 1040 5500 3.1 500 3.4 670 146 4050 3.6 2 10.4 2.02 1033 878 37.10 14.6 15.5
N17-34 N17-34.D1 - 1 135 78 2950 2.8 340 3.11 975 231 3170 0.8 3.5 11.6 0.10 1363 296.9 41.80 13.7 15.9
N17-34 N17-34.D1 - 2 180 7750 8000 5.5 3460 3.92 929 236.7 7240 0.95 1.6 12.1 0.84 1239 299.7 39.00 14 17.3
N17-34 N17-34.D2 - 1 136.5 42.5 7000 2.8 415 2.59 936 219.2 2130 0.85 1.85 6.3 0.09 1241 318.8 41.20 14.6 17.9
N17-34 N17-34.D3 - 1 194 296 7500 3.8 365 2.86 985 236.1 3470 0.95 3.3 8.4 1.70 1369 316 42.90 16.7 18.8
N17-34 N17-34.D4 - 1 140 44.9 4600 1.7 380 3.25 984 225.7 1990 0.6 2.7 10.4 0.16 1353 316.2 39.80 14.9 18.8
N17-34 N17-34.D5 - 1 154 82 5000 3.1 365 3.37 928 206.2 7660 1.2 1.4 9.2 1.27 1189 519 39.90 15.9 16.1
N17-34 N17-34.D6 - 1 279 2660 8500 2.9 1040 3 962 267.4 2520 0.65 3.4 14.6 0.36 1400 512 38.30 13 15.2
N17-34 N17-34.E1 - 1 132.3 41.3 2700 2.8 410 2.59 992 217.7 2860 1.45 1.45 10 0.17 1402 272.5 31.10 15.4 7.79
N17-34 N17-34.E1 - 2 128.1 57.2 4300 2.4 340 4.43 999 217.3 3000 0.85 3.8 8.8 0.13 1363 300 33.90 15.1 8.53
N17-34 N17-34.E2 - 1 2960 2370 14700 1.3 2530 3.2 944 216.7 8000 8.9 2.8 9.5 4.50 1059 271 35.20 13.7 5.88
N17-34 N17-34.E3 - 1 1240 2180 9400 2.2 330 1.8 1088 227.1 6660 4.5 1.8 11.3 0.19 1455 329.5 33.50 13.4 7.49
N17-34 N17-34.E4 - 1 132 52.3 4600 1.5 450 5.22 1034 303.9 2710 1.1 1.45 8.9 0.24 1571 429 29.00 13.2 9.4
N17-34 N17-34.F1 - 1 137 75 3750 1.5 400 1.65 916 149.5 5540 1.67 3.5 10.4 0.10 1190 365.7 32.90 18 10.3
N17-34 N17-34.F1 - 2 158 94 4750 1.8 470 3.16 882 154.2 2120 0.75 2.5 9.9 0.27 1120 313.8 31.60 16 9.3
N17-34 N17-34.F1 - 3 294 298 3150 1.3 230 1.65 853 147.1 4110 2.19 1.4 3.05 1.25 1252 312.9 28.70 15.7 8.9
N17-34 N17-34.F2 - 1 148.2 64 11900 2.0 340 0.9 901 183.1 2770 0.42 3.1 11.4 0.12 1387 329 34.40 16.6 11.2
N17-35 N17-35.E1 - 2 135 14.5 10500 2.0 550 9.9 1915 1955 1100 1.3 2.55 10.3 0.11 442 153.3 5.10 39.4 18.7
N17-35 N17-35.A1 - 1 150 10 19700 1.5 375 30.1 1859 2348 1195 1.26 3.3 11.4 0.13 1021 442 6.50 20.3 9.7
N17-35 N17-35.A1 - 2 219 244 4850 1.8 370 28.8 1913 2261 1016 0.6 2.1 8.8 1.78 1308 472 6.30 18.1 9.14
N17-35 N17-35.A1 - 3 137 74 5000 1.2 250 30.8 2006 2305 1050 0.8 2.8 12 3.70 1109 409 6.50 16.2 9.5
N17-35 N17-35.B1 - 1 145 32.5 7000 1.9 500 34.3 2062 3200 1100 0.46 1.45 3.05 0.09 1155 403 6.70 17.4 8.8
N17-35 N17-35.B1 - 2 148 24 4350 1.7 455 38.5 2062 3248 910 1.98 3.6 11.2 0.25 1254 461 6.90 18.6 9.9
N17-35 N17-35.B1 - 3 146 850 13600 1.4 3800 31.7 2105 3142 1420 0.85 3.6 7.2 11.20 1159 426 7.30 17.4 9.7
N17-35 N17-35.B1 - 4 864 990 14400 2.2 10300 46.4 1933 2507 1800 0.75 2 6.3 20.50 1103 421 6.40 18.8 17.1
N17-35 N17-35.B2 - 1 2510 3670 31100 2.1 43700 142 2336 2026 4990 3.1 4.6 9.6 155.00 1011 511 8.10 20.2 17.1
N17-35 N17-35.C1 - 1 209 135 6000 2.2 395 47.9 2208 2364 7190 2.08 1.65 12.9 1.04 1090 570 7.60 20.7 18.5
N17-35 N17-35.C1 - 2 603 2100 7000 3.8 7090 50.5 2115 2398 2130 1.55 2.2 15 14.20 869 596 8.70 23.6 21.7
N17-35 N17-35.C2 - 1 141 9 6500 2.9 340 45.9 2114 2343 1120 1 1.8 5.7 0.12 1106 411 6.00 16.1 19.2
N17-35 N17-35.C2 - 2 146 17.8 6000 2.4 440 46.9 2175 2313 1064 1.25 3.4 9.1 0.83 992 396 7.30 17.2 17.9
N17-35 N17-35.C2 - 3 323 483 15700 2.3 2550 49.5 2066 2283 1210 0.9 3 11.6 7.90 1093 404 7.20 18.3 17.4
N17-35 N17-35.C3 - 1 150 52 4250 3.1 340 40 2157 3460 929 0.8 3.8 10.1 2.22 815 485 11.20 17.6 9.2
N17-35 N17-35.C3 - 2 333 9 9900 6.0 320 55.1 2252 3620 20300 4.6 2.3 11.7 0.12 943 529 10.60 19.2 9.63
N17-35 N17-35.C4 - 1 156 135 9700 5.0 4950 42.1 2141 2898 1530 0.95 1.9 8.5 1.32 931 520 9.40 22.7 9
N17-35 N17-35.C4 - 2 4420 5000 33600 4.5 4600 57.8 2005 2951 5360 4.2 1.95 11.9 16.20 1242 534 9.80 20.2 9.22
N17-35 N17-35.C4 - 3 177 42 5500 4.9 325 45.9 2083 2858 1050 0.7 4.4 8.1 1.05 1127 526 9.70 19.1 8.6
N17-35 N17-35.C5 - 1 344 191 4000 3.6 405 37.8 2188 3066 1510 0.6 5.2 14 0.57 1105 492 8.30 22.2 9364 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 118 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
N17-34 N17-34.B8 - 1
N17-34 N17-34.C1 - 1
N17-34 N17-34.C1 - 2
N17-34 N17-34.C1 - 3
N17-34 N17-34.C2 - 1
N17-34 N17-34.C3 - 1
N17-34 N17-34.C4 - 1
N17-34 N17-34.C5 - 1
N17-34 N17-34.C6 - 1
N17-34 N17-34.D1 - 1
N17-34 N17-34.D1 - 2
N17-34 N17-34.D2 - 1
N17-34 N17-34.D3 - 1
N17-34 N17-34.D4 - 1
N17-34 N17-34.D5 - 1
N17-34 N17-34.D6 - 1
N17-34 N17-34.E1 - 1
N17-34 N17-34.E1 - 2
N17-34 N17-34.E2 - 1
N17-34 N17-34.E3 - 1
N17-34 N17-34.E4 - 1
N17-34 N17-34.F1 - 1
N17-34 N17-34.F1 - 2
N17-34 N17-34.F1 - 3
N17-34 N17-34.F2 - 1
N17-35 N17-35.E1 - 2
N17-35 N17-35.A1 - 1
N17-35 N17-35.A1 - 2
N17-35 N17-35.A1 - 3
N17-35 N17-35.B1 - 1
N17-35 N17-35.B1 - 2
N17-35 N17-35.B1 - 3
N17-35 N17-35.B1 - 4
N17-35 N17-35.B2 - 1
N17-35 N17-35.C1 - 1
N17-35 N17-35.C1 - 2
N17-35 N17-35.C2 - 1
N17-35 N17-35.C2 - 2
N17-35 N17-35.C2 - 3
N17-35 N17-35.C3 - 1
N17-35 N17-35.C3 - 2
N17-35 N17-35.C4 - 1
N17-35 N17-35.C4 - 2
N17-35 N17-35.C4 - 3
N17-35 N17-35.C5 - 1Hf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
27.8 15.73 81.1 9 103 8.92 0.32 0.34 0.28 95.7 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
35.1 89.4 75.8 9 88.7 7.9 0.475 0.31 0.29 91.5 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
32.9 36.26 59.2 18.5 105.4 9 0.5 0.17 0.26 94.6 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
28 48.7 57.4 19.5 92.6 8.1 0.275 0.55 0.09 90.9 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
39.1 92.3 62.3 10 89.5 8.7 0.45 0.48 0.04 91.9 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
30.6 83.3 56 19 91.5 7.86 0.265 0.50 0.04 91.5 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
20.3 3.37 11.6 11.5 85 8.5 0.65 0.27 0.63 112.5 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
32.8 102.5 63.6 18 83 7.8 0.255 0.14 0.06 106.8 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
22.5 18.95 36.7 18 78.6 23.8 15 0.20 2.13 85.8 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
35.1 6.21 60.1 14.5 89.9 8.6 0.37 0.09 0.07 115.5 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
32.9 4.47 41.6 28 97.1 9.5 0.59 0.15 0.43 113.4 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
32.9 7.12 56.7 15.5 88 8.7 0.475 0.29 0.06 110.9 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
31.7 8.44 53.6 11 96.9 8.6 0.44 0.19 0.38 116.5 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
36.1 11.12 51.4 10 92.3 8.6 0.26 0.11 0.05 110.4 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
37.5 17.24 64.8 15.5 93.9 8 0.36 0.47 0.06 112.3 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
35.1 14.24 65.1 8.5 87.7 7.4 0.38 0.12 0.48 110.7 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
34.8 8.49 58.1 7.5 108.4 9.49 0.38 0.04 0.08 114.6 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
36 10.38 58.9 6.5 97.5 9.3 0.415 0.09 0.06 113.4 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
20.5 5.09 37.3 4.65 83.5 7.8 0.325 0.06 0.22 102.2 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
39.3 7.31 60.1 15.5 104.3 10.2 0.36 0.12 0.18 109.8 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
38.4 11.39 62.3 26.5 89.7 8 0.415 0.05 0.09 104.0 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
40.1 8.7 69.7 48.5 104.2 8.7 0.5 0.05 0.11 107.7 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
33.2 8.09 66.8 38.5 95.7 9.3 0.45 0.10 0.07 103.0 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
33.4 5.37 57.7 23.5 100 10.2 0.42 0.06 0.09 104.8 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
36.9 12.17 61.4 19.5 102.4 8.6 0.55 0.07 0.08 104.3 8 6 metagabbro Bamble Sector, southern Norway
20.3 1.89 17.7 16.5 60.6 5.5 0.75 0.05 0.16 63.5 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern Norway
43.7 9.61 42.8 16.5 72.1 6.6 0.55 0.03 0.13 74.4 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern Norway
52.7 10.29 41.2 30 71.2 6.5 0.425 0.04 0.09 77.8 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern Norway
44.5 9.35 40.2 21 73.8 7.8 0.36 0.04 0.06 78.2 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern Norway
45.9 8.12 39.1 35.5 69.7 5.5 0.39 0.04 0.10 75.5 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern Norway
51 11.37 42.4 55 70.9 7.7 0.5 0.08 0.05 75.0 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern Norway
51 10.62 42.6 22 68.6 6.9 0.365 0.00 0.09 72.5 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern Norway
46.9 9.35 38.5 15 75.2 7.8 0.9 0.06 0.11 73.4 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern Norway
51.1 12.29 40.4 7 79.7 9.2 3.6 0.13 0.55 80.2 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern Norway
48.1 16.16 46.4 16 80.9 7.6 0.44 0.08 0.11 77.9 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern Norway
37.7 16.9 55 20.5 82.1 8.2 1.4 0.16 0.66 80.0 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern Norway
40.4 9.91 39 18.5 77.7 7 0.55 0.11 0.08 78.5 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern Norway
38.3 7.54 31.9 7.5 81 6.6 0.415 0.11 0.13 82.9 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern Norway
42.7 9 34.6 11.5 79.4 9.1 0.465 0.15 0.10 75.6 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern Norway
38.7 11.53 45.2 16 80.3 8.6 0.465 0.03 0.09 77.3 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern Norway
41.4 11.48 48.1 14.5 84.8 7.87 0.49 0.02 0.12 79.6 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern Norway
44.2 10.21 42 13 94.1 10.9 1.11 0.05 0.13 79.4 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern Norway
50.7 11.63 41.8 12 84.4 7.5 0.6 0.08 0.07 75.4 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern Norway
47.6 12.73 53.6 9 85.4 7.6 0.37 0.02 0.07 77.6 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern Norway
44.9 11.28 42.4 17.5 89 8.5 0.46 0.00 0.13 77.5 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern NorwayAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 365Appendix C Table 1 Page 119 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
N17-35 N17-35.D1 - 1 1330 810 23800 4.8 4530 37.1 2292 2554 1440 0.95 18.8 8.9 17.60 1272 450 8.30 23.7 9.7
N17-35 N17-35.D1 - 2 1500 470 10900 4.2 2300 31.6 2271 2572 1700 0.8 21.9 14.6 1.68 1357 466 9.30 21.8 10.1
N17-35 N17-35.D - 1 760 160 5000 3.8 420 23.8 2277 2439 6410 1.39 11.2 10.2 0.42 1403 353.3 10.10 22 9.4
N17-35 N17-35.E1 - 1 144 10 4700 2.2 340 13.2 1948 2125 1199 0.44 2.4 4.25 0.45 580 191.9 7.50 13.8 8.82
N17-35 N17-35.E2 - 1 138 13 6000 6.0 500 22 1982 2588 1090 0.9 1.65 8.1 0.17 1242 535 11.00 23.9 10.4
N17-35 N17-35.E2 - 2 144.3 14.5 15500 5.7 255 22.9 1983 2599 1253 1.4 4.8 7.6 0.19 1081 406.8 9.30 20.4 9.49
N17-35 N17-35.E2 - 3 139.8 11 18800 4.9 385 20.3 1978 2583 950 1 2.7 4.55 0.20 1025 263.9 9.40 17.7 8.3
N17-33 N17-33.C.10 - 1 137 43.5 14500 2.1 1100 20.2 2397 2054 1620 2.6 4.65 5 0.38 1122 321 12.10 18.7 11.3
N17-33 N17-33.C.11 - 1 158 21 16500 4.2 1000 20 2221 1962 550 3.4 2.65 2.9 0.01 1219 258.7 13.40 21.1 10.6
N17-33 N17-33.C.11 - 2 245 18 15000 4.0 1350 17.6 2171 2025 4900 1.8 4.15 4.25 0.07 1238 266 10.70 18.6 9.05
N17-33 N17-33.C.1-3 - 1 304 99 11500 2.7 1300 15.2 2873 1882 1240 3.55 4.05 1.9 0.28 1212 258.5 10.20 17.6 9.5
N17-33 N17-33.C.1-4 - 1 155 30.5 11000 2.3 1250 17.8 2717 1816 616 5 2.5 1.8 0.22 1086 242.3 7.50 15.8 9.8
N17-33 N17-33.C.2-3 - 1 310 160 9500 2.7 1300 25 2646 1939 3310 1.85 4.85 2.95 1.85 1111 236.9 12.20 17.4 8.55
N17-33 N17-33.C.1-5 - 1 249 120 4200 2.4 1130 39.5 2880 1855 16070 2.95 3.9 12 5.00 1027 241.2 10.60 17.4 9.5
N17-33 N17-33.C.12 - 1 535 271 9000 1.7 950 31.7 2193 2126 3110 1.8 3.05 6 10.50 815 330 13.10 21 8.48
N17-33 N17-33.D.3 - 1 553 620 5500 2.2 5710 6 1025 1434 7100 0.5 3.65 6 25.70 654 334 17.30 25.2 10
N17-33 N17-33.D.2-3 - 1 340 142 5500 3.8 550 27.2 2344 1938 1050 5.5 3.45 3.75 2.01 611 123.9 7.40 28 8
N17-33 N17-33.D.2-4 - 1 620 380 9500 1.5 2240 23.6 2272 2038 1230 6 3.2 4 4.40 805 185.7 9.80 15.2 8.2
N17-33 N17-33.D.1-3 - 1 165 41 21500 3.7 1050 23.4 2275 2073 570 1.45 5.5 2.05 0.33 1479 346 14.10 19.2 10
N17-33 N17-33.D.1-4 - 1 730 470 11000 3.0 2800 24.4 2250 2002 1690 4.8 6.5 1.8 13.60 1566 348 14.80 17.7 9.6
N17-33 N17-33.D.1-5 - 1 189 45 9000 3.3 1250 30.3 2280 2087 9370 4.15 3.45 4.05 0.15 1391 318.1 12.70 22.1 8.33
N17-33 N17-33.D.1-6 - 1 183 35 10000 2.1 1750 25.7 2213 1973 1920 1.99 5.5 6.5 0.91 1206 288 11.10 22.3 9.2
N17-33 N17-33.A.1 - 1 136 70 10500 2.8 750 3.2 2393 1045 910 0.95 6.3 10.2 0.11 929 252.1 12.30 18.2 10.1
N17-33 N17-33.A.1 - 2 133 34 7500 2.9 550 5.8 2510 1106 880 0.95 3 6 0.07 1017 259.5 12.30 15.7 9.4
N17-33 N17-33.A.1 - 3 150 66 6000 1.0 900 11 2289 1015 11830 0.85 2.1 6.6 9.40 977 266 12.60 16.9 10.9
N17-33 N17-33.A.1 - 4 120 29 4500 2.5 550 8.6 2314 1037 4060 1.6 1.3 5.8 0.12 928 261 13.90 15.4 8.2
N17-33 N17-33.A.1 - 5 219 8.5 6000 1.4 550 6.3 2006 1094 3870 1.35 1.85 4.8 0.08 864 256.4 12.30 14.9 8.2
N17-33 N17-33.A.1 - 6 126 10 6000 3.7 950 7.3 2219 1059 900 1.5 1.75 5.4 0.10 973 249.5 11.60 16.1 8.7
N17-33 N17-33.A.2 - 1 179 89 6000 1.1 490 10.5 2592 1083 940 1.05 3.7 7.6 0.24 1133 315 10.80 18.1 9.4
N17-33 N17-33.A.2 - 2 202 210 5500 1.4 17300 7.9 2700 1133 940 1.15 6 6.8 18.20 703 267.5 13.80 17.5 7.3
N17-33 N17-33.A.2 - 3 126 28 6500 1.4 430 9 2584 1085 900 1 2.1 6.4 0.13 987 287 11.10 19.1 9.54
N17-33 N17-33.A.3 - 1 162 43 5500 1.2 550 8.8 2586 1082 7800 0.9 1.8 9.8 0.14 996 281.8 11.50 15 7.3
N17-33 N17-33.A.4 - 1 556 330 9000 1.8 1850 6.2 2410 1051 1020 1.35 5.8 1.6 4.60 693 301 13.70 15.8 7.8
N17-33 N17-33.A.4 - 2 255 63 9500 1.5 550 9.5 2394 1044 8500 1.1 1.45 8.3 0.42 624 278 11.70 16.4 8.7
N17-33 N17-33.A.5 - 1 180 31 6000 1.2 465 7.2 2575 1090 1140 1 1.5 8.3 0.03 1122 271.5 15.20 15.7 10
N17-33 N17-33.A.5 - 2 130 10 8000 1.4 600 9.2 2514 1013 1020 1.05 2 5.1 0.09 1102 266.4 15.70 15.8 8.8
N17-33 N17-33.A.5 - 3 149 37 7000 3.9 430 10.1 2532 1070 5100 1.05 1.55 4.6 0.09 1069 257.7 14.70 14.4 8.2
N17-33 N17-33.A.5 - 4 149 31.3 6500 1.3 480 8.1 2744 1031 18320 1 1.6 7.1 0.20 1053 271 13.70 18.2 7.9
N17-33 N17-33.A.6 - 1 600 188 7500 45.0 650 10.3 2144 1046 960 1.5 3.6 12.9 0.15 688 262.2 16.10 16.7 12
N17-33 N17-33.A.7 - 1 165 72 5500 2.7 550 4.9 2502 1061 960 0.95 4.4 7.3 0.10 1220 281 14.30 15 9.4
N17-33 N17-33.A.7 - 2 490 166 5000 14.0 490 8.4 2352 1270 1540 1.2 6.2 9.5 0.11 871 260 12.20 14.9 6.9
N17-33 N17-33.A.7 - 3 309 122 5000 11.0 470 7.9 2503 1102 12500 1.15 2.05 8.5 0.20 801 261 15.00 15.7 8.9
N17-33 N17-33.A.7 - 4 163 6.5 12000 7.4 385 7.1 2539 1084 11950 0.65 2.8 9 0.08 941 271.9 10.00 16.1 8.8
N17-33 N17-33.A.7 - 5 156 22 6500 5.1 495 7.5 2525 1101 780 0.85 2.05 7.1 0.08 1243 311 13.40 17.3 8.6
N17-33 N17-33.A.8 - 1 146 21 5500 5.2 490 7.5 2253 667 1360 3.9 1.65 5.4 0.18 1474 294 11.20 14.7 8.2366 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 120 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
N17-35 N17-35.D1 - 1
N17-35 N17-35.D1 - 2
N17-35 N17-35.D - 1
N17-35 N17-35.E1 - 1
N17-35 N17-35.E2 - 1
N17-35 N17-35.E2 - 2
N17-35 N17-35.E2 - 3
N17-33 N17-33.C.10 - 1
N17-33 N17-33.C.11 - 1
N17-33 N17-33.C.11 - 2
N17-33 N17-33.C.1-3 - 1
N17-33 N17-33.C.1-4 - 1
N17-33 N17-33.C.2-3 - 1
N17-33 N17-33.C.1-5 - 1
N17-33 N17-33.C.12 - 1
N17-33 N17-33.D.3 - 1
N17-33 N17-33.D.2-3 - 1
N17-33 N17-33.D.2-4 - 1
N17-33 N17-33.D.1-3 - 1
N17-33 N17-33.D.1-4 - 1
N17-33 N17-33.D.1-5 - 1
N17-33 N17-33.D.1-6 - 1
N17-33 N17-33.A.1 - 1
N17-33 N17-33.A.1 - 2
N17-33 N17-33.A.1 - 3
N17-33 N17-33.A.1 - 4
N17-33 N17-33.A.1 - 5
N17-33 N17-33.A.1 - 6
N17-33 N17-33.A.2 - 1
N17-33 N17-33.A.2 - 2
N17-33 N17-33.A.2 - 3
N17-33 N17-33.A.3 - 1
N17-33 N17-33.A.4 - 1
N17-33 N17-33.A.4 - 2
N17-33 N17-33.A.5 - 1
N17-33 N17-33.A.5 - 2
N17-33 N17-33.A.5 - 3
N17-33 N17-33.A.5 - 4
N17-33 N17-33.A.6 - 1
N17-33 N17-33.A.7 - 1
N17-33 N17-33.A.7 - 2
N17-33 N17-33.A.7 - 3
N17-33 N17-33.A.7 - 4
N17-33 N17-33.A.7 - 5
N17-33 N17-33.A.8 - 1Hf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
48.9 12.88 48.1 24.5 102.7 12.9 0.65 0.03 0.14 73.2 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern Norway
55.6 14.99 36.7 20.5 98 10 0.6 0.10 0.11 75.8 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern Norway
52 8.29 35.3 11.5 102.5 12.2 0.5 0.01 0.05 80.1 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern Norway
25.9 4.79 32.2 12 84.1 9.2 0.6 0.03 0.13 76.9 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern Norway
50.2 12.71 34.1 11.5 82.3 8.8 0.5 0.02 0.09 74.7 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern Norway
38.2 5.99 25.4 23 83.8 7.7 0.47 0.02 0.08 74.8 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern Norway
32.9 0.59 11 15.5 75.5 8.9 0.48 0.04 0.07 74.2 8 6 albitite Bamble Sector, southern Norway
50 9.27 42.9 110 66.5 5.5 0.7 0.00 0.05 68.7 8 6 scapolite fels Bamble Sector, southern Norway
46.4 8.2 39.3 150 61.3 6.6 0.82 0.01 0.06 63.7 8 6 scapolite fels Bamble Sector, southern Norway
49 8.79 43.5 36 59.5 5.9 0.34 0.01 0.07 65.9 8 6 scapolite fels Bamble Sector, southern Norway
42.2 7.39 36.2 45 65.6 6.89 0.355 0.02 0.08 68.8 8 6 scapolite fels Bamble Sector, southern Norway
44.1 5.91 29.8 110 62.5 8.3 0.39 0.00 0.30 64.5 8 6 scapolite fels Bamble Sector, southern Norway
43.5 7.87 39.4 130 58.6 5.78 0.74 0.01 0.03 63.0 8 6 scapolite fels Bamble Sector, southern Norway
37.7 7.17 45.9 90 66.2 5.6 0.89 0.00 0.05 64.7 8 6 scapolite fels Bamble Sector, southern Norway
40.1 8.43 39.7 145 64.3 6 1.08 0.02 0.29 66.2 8 6 scapolite fels Bamble Sector, southern Norway
29 4.96 39 240 66.4 9 1.79 0.01 0.02 66.4 8 6 scapolite fels Bamble Sector, southern Norway
13.6 0.172 1.17 115 54.7 6.3 1.7 0.01 0.12 55.4 8 6 scapolite fels Bamble Sector, southern Norway
23.7 1.9 16.9 120 63.9 8.8 2.3 0.01 0.08 58.1 8 6 scapolite fels Bamble Sector, southern Norway
51.9 5.59 37.3 270 56.7 5.9 0.345 0.02 0.04 59.4 8 6 scapolite fels Bamble Sector, southern Norway
57.5 6.26 36.5 75 56.9 5.5 0.41 0.00 0.04 56.1 8 6 scapolite fels Bamble Sector, southern Norway
49.9 5.14 35.6 170 61.8 6.2 1.04 0.01 0.04 62.0 8 6 scapolite fels Bamble Sector, southern Norway
41 4.68 33.2 195 67.2 8.6 0.8 0.01 0.13 65.2 8 6 scapolite fels Bamble Sector, southern Norway
35.1 4.27 27.2 6 81 10 3.6 0.01 0.06 70.7 8 6 scapolite fels Bamble Sector, southern Norway
35.1 4.56 32.9 8.5 87.6 8.5 2 0.02 0.04 73.7 8 6 scapolite fels Bamble Sector, southern Norway
34.1 3.92 21.6 4.8 81.1 9.2 0.74 0.01 0.05 73.5 8 6 scapolite fels Bamble Sector, southern Norway
32.7 4.98 31 10.4 79.6 10 0.79 0.01 0.04 71.9 8 6 scapolite fels Bamble Sector, southern Norway
30.4 1.98 14.2 6.5 76.4 5.9 0.72 0.01 0.10 70.9 8 6 scapolite fels Bamble Sector, southern Norway
33.8 3.35 21 5.5 75.4 10.7 1.9 0.01 0.03 68.8 8 6 scapolite fels Bamble Sector, southern Norway
46 10.98 35.6 10.6 77 8.6 0.86 0.01 0.05 68.8 8 6 scapolite fels Bamble Sector, southern Norway
29.4 5.64 27.8 5.5 80.8 8.7 2.33 0.02 1.26 75.0 8 6 scapolite fels Bamble Sector, southern Norway
37.8 8 36.4 13.2 72.9 8.7 1.06 0.03 0.05 72.3 8 6 scapolite fels Bamble Sector, southern Norway
40.3 8.35 34 4.55 81.3 9.4 1.53 0.01 0.04 71.2 8 6 scapolite fels Bamble Sector, southern Norway
32.4 1.99 32 9 78 10.1 1.41 0.02 0.38 69.6 8 6 scapolite fels Bamble Sector, southern Norway
25.1 24.5 36.1 4.05 78.2 8.39 1.9 0.02 0.04 71.6 8 6 scapolite fels Bamble Sector, southern Norway
43.2 12.04 33.3 11.3 68.5 6.3 0.77 0.01 0.03 73.2 8 6 scapolite fels Bamble Sector, southern Norway
41.7 11.83 35.5 5 69.5 8.2 0.315 0.01 0.04 70.0 8 6 scapolite fels Bamble Sector, southern Norway
36.8 12.2 35.4 4.85 70.5 8.3 0.28 0.01 0.05 66.8 8 6 scapolite fels Bamble Sector, southern Norway
39.5 10.55 29.2 4.65 75.4 8.8 0.275 0.01 0.06 75.3 8 6 scapolite fels Bamble Sector, southern Norway
30 8.02 35.2 17 80.1 12.5 3.8 0.05 0.06 68.9 8 6 scapolite fels Bamble Sector, southern Norway
41.3 6 30.3 5 74 7.9 1.3 0.04 0.05 66.1 8 6 scapolite fels Bamble Sector, southern Norway
27.4 4.73 21.1 7 78.4 10.9 1.9 0.03 0.06 71.6 8 6 scapolite fels Bamble Sector, southern Norway
23.9 2.04 8.4 4.3 72 8.8 1.51 0.05 0.04 69.6 8 6 scapolite fels Bamble Sector, southern Norway
27.8 4.15 11.9 3.5 66.7 6.3 0.26 0.03 0.03 66.2 8 6 scapolite fels Bamble Sector, southern Norway
39.3 6.08 21.4 7 74.2 8.6 0.24 0.04 0.06 72.5 8 6 scapolite fels Bamble Sector, southern Norway
45.5 13.03 36.2 7.5 69.6 8.2 0.59 0.06 0.04 71.3 8 6 scapolite fels Bamble Sector, southern NorwayAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 367Appendix C Table 1 Page 121 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
N17-33 N17-33.A.8 - 2 231 55 9900 5.0 500 9.1 2201 697 1560 0.8 1.45 4.4 0.08 1508 324 9.70 16.2 9.6
N17-33 N17-33.E.1 - 1 109 11 8000 8.6 650 31.8 2880 2145 690 1.55 4.2 8.7 0.12 1130 279 9.60 21.2 9.7
N17-33 N17-33.E.1 - 2 106 21 8000 3.2 650 28.7 2948 2234 680 1.15 2.85 5.6 0.11 1344 324 11.50 21 10.7
N17-33 N17-33.E.2 - 1 244 112 6000 0.9 500 21 2449 2110 2650 2.45 4.9 5.5 1.43 1132 314 9.40 26.5 8.1
N17-33 N17-33.E.3 - 1 670 860 13000 2.4 7100 26 2187 2039 1260 0.85 1.55 3.3 21.00 564 284.2 14.50 19.3 13.4
N17-33 N17-33.D.1 - 1 2590 1150 5000 3.7 650 21.6 1766 2171 4810 1.6 2 8.5 5.00 1560 375 13.60 21.3 9.9
N17-33 N17-33.D.1 - 2 145 28 7000 2.6 550 22.5 2074 2096 1670 1.15 1.75 5.3 0.29 1365 311 11.80 16.4 10.6
N17-33 N17-33.D.2 - 1 242 1210 15200 1.5 4800 28.2 2150 2040 8600 1.55 2.4 6.7 2.90 1055 267.1 10.00 15.9 7.89
N17-33 N17-33.D.2 - 2 118 22 4950 2.9 445 24.4 2156 2105 635 1.05 1.85 6.1 0.03 1027 272 9.50 13.8 11
N17-33 N17-33.C.1 - 1 203 81 4500 2.9 410 18.8 2898 2004 5740 0.65 1.7 6 2.22 1180 275.9 9.50 17.9 11.5
N17-33 N17-33.C.1 - 2 86 8.5 4350 1.8 410 18 3040 1840 20000 0.65 2.7 5.6 0.18 1177 274 10.10 14.3 10.5
N17-33 N17-33.C.2 - 1 197 360 6500 1.2 4000 38 2837 2081 1630 1.15 2.3 5.5 21.00 1266 277.4 9.20 19.1 9.4
N17-33 N17-33.C.2 - 2 104 58 10000 1.0 600 18.7 2672 2086 700 1.4 1.7 6.6 3.74 1210 286.7 13.20 17.4 9.4
N17-33 N17-33.C.3 - 1 140 28 4850 0.2 550 21.7 2389 1985 870 2.3 1.55 3.7 0.42 1094 324 10.70 13 7
N17-33 N17-33.C.4 - 1 109 23 21200 0.8 700 30.4 3153 2215 476 2.15 1.4 5.1 0.15 1135 334 10.80 15.8 9.65
N17-33 N17-33.C.5 - 1 109 22 5500 1.2 550 27 2836 2165 650 0.8 2.05 7 0.44 1268 358 9.80 18 8.63
N17-33 N17-33.C.6 - 1 113 17 4150 0.7 550 22.3 2410 2160 660 0.85 1.15 3.5 0.14 1116 323 9.40 16.1 8.2
N17-33 N17-33.C.5 - 2 221 196 5500 1.6 500 28.2 2794 2180 3050 2.75 2.05 3.3 3.56 1256 364 8.70 18.8 10.2
N17-33 N17-33.B.1 - 1 111 35 6000 0.8 700 20.5 2881 2182 740 1.8 2.25 6.1 0.14 1179 312.3 10.40 18.6 11.7
N17-33 N17-33.B.1 - 2 390 60 8000 1.8 850 21.6 2757 2115 4170 1.6 2.15 7.4 0.18 1050 308 12.30 17.2 10.92
N17-33 N17-33.B.1 - 3 105 33 6500 1.1 700 18.5 2924 2146 6800 1.6 1.75 4.7 0.16 940 318 10.60 16.2 11.2
N17-33 N17-33.B.2 - 1 123 46 9500 0.8 800 29.7 3178 2250 690 1.6 2.4 3.1 0.22 1195 406 13.90 16.8 10.8
N17-33 N17-33.B.2 - 2 139 33 4300 3.1 800 27.6 3110 2198 710 0.76 1.85 4.9 0.08 1127 398 11.30 20.6 10.5
182476 182476Z - 1.d 460 293 7510 1.1 317 171.2 895 1400 2485 1400 4.81 4.21 4.17 208 6962 6.03 3520 0.1
182476 182476Z - 3.d 2330 2410 21000 2.9 3310 132 451.8 2100 6180 2750 67 12.8 440.00 24200 7912 4.77 9980 0.085
182476 182476Z - 4.d 386 1730 21900 1.2 19700 85.1 2243 12990 5920 5000 10.81 4.14 27.30 2610 4362 3.78 87100 0.085
189937 189937 Z - 1.d 4210 7100 21700 5.5 46000 524.5 3077 87300 19100 8500 31.2 43.9 129.00 28.95 2660 0.16 67200 151.4
189937 189937 Z - 2.d 388 1510 12910 1.7 7320 815 126.6 2600 3420 1400 4.39 4.49 0.70 165 4357 0.07 1344 7.89
189937 189937 Z - 3.d 502 8420 143500 6.0 246300 69.5 121.3 1850 61800 1250 15.8 31.9 0.35 0.728 2070 1.36 285 0.115
195231 195231Z - 1.d 2132 11890 25440 3.4 7640 281.9 3422 1400 47350 375 13.26 386 218.00 10700 2136 49.00 70 28.3
195231 195231Z - 2.d 295.3 208 6040 3.2 110 192.5 407 2347 1132 255 19.3 8.25 0.46 846 1794 0.44 75 0.065
195231 195231Z - 3.d 361.5 2910 9600 5.2 190 316.5 1945 2300 2980 1100 20.9 12.8 3.74 687.9 1098 3.47 230 3.73
195231 195231Z - 4.d 308.3 986 9750 1.3 660 1972 1304 1600 6430 750 6.64 19.4 42.60 1064 3115 0.71 1351 4.74
195231 195231Z - 5.d 566 3330 14010 2.3 300 20.69 402.4 1800 10560 1100 24.1 31.3 17.73 286.4 2791 1.17 900 9.99
195231 195231Z - 6.d 388 2870 256600 8.3 550 37.6 617 2350 2718 2250 256 13.7 156.10 63 1795 1.71 883 57.8
192507 192507Z - 1.d 391 161 1000 3.4 340 4.31 726 257.8 7380 0.72 3.2 6.17 0.28 469.2 7306 28.14 49.2 4.76
192507 192507Z - 2.d 290.6 79.7 435 2.9 70 4.58 562.2 608.3 6700 0.125 1.48 3.97 0.10 462.9 8820 35.10 59.6 4.6
192507 192507Z - 3.d 289.5 160.8 355 4.2 450 3.72 714.4 680.5 13050 0.155 3.15 6.3 0.80 362.5 16510 31.90 63.1 4.43
192507 192507Z - 4.d 294.7 19.54 375 3.0 85 2.06 381.9 178.8 4145 0.4 2.18 8.86 0.12 344.1 1992 47.00 45.7 5.16
192507 192507Z - 5.d 293.4 104.3 370 3.7 60 3.93 577.8 114.2 5975 0.87 4.67 13.5 0.35 643 3737 28.90 39.23 4.37
192507 192507Z - 6.d 297.6 76.1 405 3.0 85 4.77 531.6 923 7260 0.21 1.5 5.14 0.10 457.3 7774 36.23 63.5 4.96
192507 192507Z - 7.d 288.2 3266 61600 2.4 102600 7.36 585.5 154.2 11330 0.81 2.65 5.37 572.00 461.1 10140 32.80 79 3.39
192530 192530Z - 1.d 22400 46000 103000 4.5 2020 340.8 682 352 43600 92 81 79 130.10 17.1 780 9.47 0.43 0.35
192530 192530Z - 2.d 10300 11900 30100 3.4 1050 164.3 780 192.5 95900 80 211 101.1 125.30 474 894 22.00 1.39 0.91
192530 192530Z - 3.d 77000 164000 289000 5.0 1260 169 1366 3010 188000 348 892 232 94.00 980 930 46.90 4.78 0.18368 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 122 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
N17-33 N17-33.A.8 - 2
N17-33 N17-33.E.1 - 1
N17-33 N17-33.E.1 - 2
N17-33 N17-33.E.2 - 1
N17-33 N17-33.E.3 - 1
N17-33 N17-33.D.1 - 1
N17-33 N17-33.D.1 - 2
N17-33 N17-33.D.2 - 1
N17-33 N17-33.D.2 - 2
N17-33 N17-33.C.1 - 1
N17-33 N17-33.C.1 - 2
N17-33 N17-33.C.2 - 1
N17-33 N17-33.C.2 - 2
N17-33 N17-33.C.3 - 1
N17-33 N17-33.C.4 - 1
N17-33 N17-33.C.5 - 1
N17-33 N17-33.C.6 - 1
N17-33 N17-33.C.5 - 2
N17-33 N17-33.B.1 - 1
N17-33 N17-33.B.1 - 2
N17-33 N17-33.B.1 - 3
N17-33 N17-33.B.2 - 1
N17-33 N17-33.B.2 - 2
182476 182476Z - 1.d
182476 182476Z - 3.d
182476 182476Z - 4.d
189937 189937 Z - 1.d
189937 189937 Z - 2.d
189937 189937 Z - 3.d
195231 195231Z - 1.d
195231 195231Z - 2.d
195231 195231Z - 3.d
195231 195231Z - 4.d
195231 195231Z - 5.d
195231 195231Z - 6.d
192507 192507Z - 1.d
192507 192507Z - 2.d
192507 192507Z - 3.d
192507 192507Z - 4.d
192507 192507Z - 5.d
192507 192507Z - 6.d
192507 192507Z - 7.d
192530 192530Z - 1.d
192530 192530Z - 2.d
192530 192530Z - 3.dHf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
50.6 14.8 39 5 72.2 7.6 1.05 0.04 0.06 65.9 8 6 scapolite fels Bamble Sector, southern Norway
42.3 5.56 30.3 8.5 80 9.3 2 0.07 0.04 69.3 8 6 scapolite fels Bamble Sector, southern Norway
53.3 7.13 30.4 7.5 79.7 9.1 1.8 0.02 0.08 70.7 8 6 scapolite fels Bamble Sector, southern Norway
50.4 8.79 34.5 7 72.2 9.3 2.3 0.07 0.05 62.5 8 6 scapolite fels Bamble Sector, southern Norway
28.2 5.63 33.2 4.4 81.5 9.2 1.98 0.05 0.15 73.5 8 6 scapolite fels Bamble Sector, southern Norway
60.9 6.89 33 9.5 63.4 6.2 0.81 0.06 0.10 56.0 8 6 scapolite fels Bamble Sector, southern Norway
50.2 4.9 22.5 5 64.5 6.7 0.2 0.13 0.06 62.3 8 6 scapolite fels Bamble Sector, southern Norway
37.9 3.93 26.1 4.9 76.9 11 5.5 0.19 0.07 61.4 8 6 scapolite fels Bamble Sector, southern Norway
37.6 4.06 21 9.8 71 6.3 0.295 0.15 0.06 66.8 8 6 scapolite fels Bamble Sector, southern Norway
46.2 5.85 32.8 15.1 83.2 8.2 0.86 0.04 0.04 68.1 8 6 scapolite fels Bamble Sector, southern Norway
40.4 6.91 33.1 5 68.8 5.9 0.285 0.04 0.05 64.5 8 6 scapolite fels Bamble Sector, southern Norway
47.9 9.35 37.3 7 73.5 7.1 0.73 0.04 0.29 66.7 8 6 scapolite fels Bamble Sector, southern Norway
46.3 8.13 32 11.5 79.5 6.44 1.28 0.00 0.21 66.5 8 6 scapolite fels Bamble Sector, southern Norway
43.9 7.49 30.3 7 70.2 4.71 0.29 0.06 0.03 65.5 8 6 scapolite fels Bamble Sector, southern Norway
47.1 7.65 34.1 8 72.7 6.8 0.71 0.05 0.05 63.2 8 6 scapolite fels Bamble Sector, southern Norway
51.3 8.44 33.3 7 77.4 7.2 0.31 0.02 0.28 65.2 8 6 scapolite fels Bamble Sector, southern Norway
45.6 6.91 32.9 8 76.9 4.9 0.275 0.01 0.03 66.8 8 6 scapolite fels Bamble Sector, southern Norway
52 8.22 33.6 9 76.2 7.38 0.465 0.01 0.05 66.9 8 6 scapolite fels Bamble Sector, southern Norway
48.9 6.78 34.3 8 80.7 7.7 0.93 0.04 0.06 65.7 8 6 scapolite fels Bamble Sector, southern Norway
48.9 7.33 35 15 76.6 7.4 1.14 0.05 0.15 64.0 8 6 scapolite fels Bamble Sector, southern Norway
36.4 5.92 36.5 8 83.2 6.15 1.06 0.01 0.12 66.3 8 6 scapolite fels Bamble Sector, southern Norway
54.4 11.78 40.7 10 84.1 7.9 1.04 0.00 0.08 67.1 8 6 scapolite fels Bamble Sector, southern Norway
56.9 12.5 39.9 11.5 86.4 7.4 0.88 0.03 0.05 67.7 8 6 scapolite fels Bamble Sector, southern Norway
12.66 1196 230 11.2 27.9 13.2 18.1 0.12 155 17.1 7 5 granitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen
740 2369 2150 49.9 100 57.5 99 0.24 155000 148.0 7 5 granitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen
79 1354 152.5 8.8 23.6 11.5 18.7 0.07 13600 14.2 7 5 granitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen
0.84 178 486 31.6 47.4 36.1 38.7 0.04 240.00 8.4 1 3 monzogranite Granites-Tanami Orogen
4.55 277.9 962 4.05 9.51 9.02 8.45 0.03 25.00 1.0 1 3 monzogranite Granites-Tanami Orogen
0.013 249.2 95.4 6 9.69 8.78 9.57 0.02 38.50 0.2 1 3 monzogranite Granites-Tanami Orogen
142.6 45.87 187.9 1688 1917 1859 1890 2.49 924.00 199.7 8 6 granitic rock Musgrave Province
33.71 40.51 34.93 2.45 2.68 2.75 2.82 0.01 18.00 0.1 8 1 granitic rock Musgrave Province
37.1 40 26.8 96 98.3 100.8 99.1 0.09 46.00 1.1 4 3 granitic rock Musgrave Province
75.9 222.7 187.7 55.7 62 60.9 61.5 0.04 80.00 9.5 1 3 granitic rock Musgrave Province
9.44 191.3 1246 13.6 11.53 9.36 9.73 0.13 140 5.7 1 3 granitic rock Musgrave Province
5.61 84.8 691.3 161 188 180 181 0.02 1689 33.2 1 3 granitic rock Musgrave Province
18.77 130 5980 1.45 30.11 2.75 0.083 0.03 0.01 35.2 1 4 granitic gneiss Northern Foreland, Albany-Fraser
19.62 286 3440 1.75 22.47 1.96 0.0195 0.02 0.00 25.7 1 4 granitic gneiss Northern Foreland, Albany-Fraser
18.1 834 11880 1.95 28.4 2.94 0.36 0.03 0.02 30.9 1 4 granitic gneiss Northern Foreland, Albany-Fraser
10.69 46.56 316.8 1.85 15.71 1.44 0.023 0.02 0.00 18.2 6 4 granitic gneiss Northern Foreland, Albany-Fraser
23.3 37.59 6113 2.2 38.02 3.4 0.123 0.03 0.10 42.0 1 4 granitic gneiss Northern Foreland, Albany-Fraser
19.98 420 5560 1.5 26.79 2.35 0.018 0.03 0.00 31.4 1 4 granitic gneiss Northern Foreland, Albany-Fraser
21.22 361.5 5339 2.3 16.28 2.29 0.949 0.02 2.58 20.2 1 4 granitic gneiss Northern Foreland, Albany-Fraser
2.19 26.55 719 30.4 28.12 25.7 25.39 0.03 2.03 4.3 6 1 mylonitic metagranite Tropicana Zone,  Albany-Fraser
10.4 31.6 1602 98 115.6 99.9 106.9 0.07 36.60 17.8 6 1 mylonitic metagranite Tropicana Zone,  Albany-Fraser
34.1 24.5 487 48 65.1 39.2 39.5 0.08 6.50 20.8 6 1 mylonitic metagranite Tropicana Zone,  Albany-FraserAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 369Appendix C Table 1 Page 123 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
192531 192531Z - 1.d 308.1 45.6 1090 2.2 48.5 16.16 2643 2092 1665 0.26 2.29 4.68 82.00 3720 4439 193.00 4.79 0.222
192531 192531Z - 2.d 16200 15700 38100 1.1 1770 349.8 439.7 134 23500 48 3.24 155 72.20 57.5 2619 118.20 2.6 0.8
192531 192531Z - 3.d 20200 8760 141600 1.6 5050 210.8 387.5 343.8 9260 57.8 12.8 90.5 99.80 62.3 2148 8.49 2.13 0.33
192531 192531Z - 4.d 31500 12700 33800 153.0 2190 55.2 580 128.5 28200 269 154 98 232.40 192.4 342 21.10 4.76 0.54
192531 192531Z - 5.d 22900 9870 24730 5.0 1420 253.4 592.6 244.8 11030 79.1 14.99 132.4 474.00 654 461.5 21.40 5.43 0.105
192531 192531Z - 6.d 34500 14700 38000 4.9 1290 162 296.7 280.4 15180 112.2 17.2 252 121.00 140.3 1159 74.60 2.22 0.47
192531 192531Z - 7.d 291.4 22.2 1080 2.5 75 13.23 2792 1133 2077 0.16 1.53 4.53 0.76 6340 3409 271.80 6.37 0.08
192531 192531Z - 8.d 6790 5240 8020 3.1 1120 341.1 260 120.8 13590 15.5 5.61 50.4 63.30 119.8 967 59.70 2.73 0.38
199051 199051Z - 1.d 1863 17490 45800 3.5 34400 288.7 1204 39 23520 1.77 104.2 694 1910 17560 25010 22.74 2339 5.06
199051 199051Z - 2.d 2710 9590 34500 4.5 12620 121.2 475.1 95.8 40150 1.86 242.2 437 309.00 56190 21150 39.20 2138 6.15
199051 199051Z - 3.d 2821 19040 45700 1.0 25200 311.6 1504 92.2 28060 3.16 340.7 258 1513.00 12680 37490 48.90 1810 5.34
199051 199051Z - 4.d 1706 8670 39350 3.2 12090 129.9 407.4 250 40860 1.11 93.7 223 378.20 62520 14650 31.60 1634 8.3
199051 199051Z - 5.d 1461 8970 34840 5.4 9840 153.2 463.7 67.8 35870 2.42 515 399 500.00 56040 12860 62.20 2765 6.2
199051 199051Z - 6.d 1393 7850 36900 3.8 22600 185 467.3 59.4 37440 1.29 317.4 463 1518 57380 14610 59.00 1582 8.35
199051 199051Z - 7.d 1521 9370 36400 4.2 10960 123.6 475 131.5 40340 1.41 101.1 321.9 227.20 55190 19650 50.50 2585 8.26
199051 199051Z - 8.d 1252 7640 32780 3.8 11440 138.3 564.1 52.3 33690 1.52 356.2 323 323.70 47710 13730 235.30 1853 7.03
194840 194840M - 1.d 1509 6953 15730 5.7 8880 133.1 228.2 3.8 75200 16.1 80.9 228.3 247.30 632 4186 77.20 577 4.41
194840 194840M - 2.d 6280 32490 58200 6.1 12530 201.5 273 25.6 123400 14.7 253.6 897 277.10 9740 883 20.30 450 1.83
194840 194840M - 3.d 15570 30970 61200 4.2 6820 198.2 295.7 6.1 111300 12.4 57 3430 40.55 191.9 788.6 20.40 590 1.73
194840 194840M - 4.d 20020 21590 42400 5.6 7860 163.3 382.7 5.7 99300 8.09 100 1217 262.00 8750 3615 12.30 349 2.91
194840 194840M - 5.d 2960 17780 30200 8.3 4330 363 171.5 12.3 102000 10.3 135.1 1123 687.00 20360 555 32.70 597 0.95
194840 194840M - 6.d 332 191 1180 3.2 80 63.7 47.67 3.4 49030 0.145 1.94 19.6 0.19 7.6 1422 2.78 105 0.15
194840 194840M - 7.d 12490 28370 48300 6.0 4990 194.7 255.5 10.6 105000 15.2 109.5 2400 155.70 2053 589.5 50.20 626 0.98
194840 194840M - 8.d 10970 20100 30100 5.0 6210 136.8 190.1 2.2 104400 10.9 113.5 1205 178.70 1195 2176 2.92 324 2.41
194840 194840M - 9.d 9950 18990 32400 3.3 8720 115.9 181 7.3 127000 4.4 30.3 784 146.70 1783 4138 11.57 286 2.13
194840 194840M - 10.d 13280 24420 41800 3.8 11300 213.3 328.1 11.7 84500 14.3 118.2 3430 222.00 1482 862 20.40 768 1.33
194840 194840M - 11.d 8240 19830 49900 3.9 5520 254.5 242.6 20.4 106000 8.9 71.5 1890 269.40 7150 1460 19.20 443 1.8
194840 194840M - 12.d 27430 30070 53000 4.6 8130 125.9 266.2 7.7 98900 12.2 61.4 1398 107 591 3017 12.50 353 2.27
194840 194840M - 13.d 12340 30770 45000 4.2 4930 232.2 295.9 8.5 137000 19.8 123.2 2680 113.40 1087 1097 44.90 683 1.56
194840 194840M - 14.d 4340 23480 29100 6.4 9100 188 187 7.6 184100 13.6 178.9 1647 257.20 6215 2764 15.00 313.3 2.86
194840 194840M - 15.d 21500 24880 46800 4.3 4690 178.8 324.9 6.5 92500 9.2 86.6 3100 63.30 170.5 367.5 6.44 732 2.13
194840 194840M - 16.d 1522 8980 13890 4.5 6280 227.4 222.9 9.4 72800 14.9 40.9 499 184.50 1828 2038 39.40 475.3 2.36
194840 194840M - 17.d 3149 20860 35000 5.0 4490 175 483.6 13.4 259100 7.12 91.4 532 86.50 966 1793 21.10 764 2.02
194840 194840M - 18.d 6230 15450 29900 8.8 6980 254.3 140.8 10.4 139600 7.19 80.8 738 641.00 20200 2832 12.02 179.1 2.23
194840 194840M - 19.d 36500 51900 106000 7.7 4840 240.1 275.2 46.5 190000 16.3 297 855 315.00 10380 930 31.30 413.8 0.89
194840 194840M - 20.d 9040 16500 33130 7.6 6640 207.1 255.4 5.8 117800 6.41 150 937 708.00 33620 3403 2.03 210.5 2.75
206994 206994 - 1.d 1040 140 720 2.6 180000 40.9 3985 16.8 13600 0.56 1.49 16.3 14.50 425 289.2 12.00 30.9 1.61
206994 206994 - 2.d 14400 15700 24500 5.5 95400 234.1 3653 21 74700 42.6 5.54 60.5 40.80 476 299.9 9.50 55.4 1.92
206994 206994 - 3.d 409 192 3230 75.0 3810 146.6 3954 16.1 30100 10.4 31700 740 5.97 224 227.4 24.10 45.3 1.72
206995 206995 - 1.d 326.2 204.7 15300 1.7 403 163.5 1444 2.54 13190 0.135 2.12 43.7 73.50 45.1 1119 0.20 86.6 3.12
206995 206995 - 2.d 2280 2980 6490 1.3 256 125.5 126.9 5.5 9020 1.66 9.64 25.3 3.86 146.6 683 0.04 20.33 0.38
206995 206995 - 3.d 616 780 60800 3.5 440 149 1088 7.2 51600 0.78 1.98 52.7 99.50 193 831 0.06 92.6 3.18
206995 206995 - 4.d 3030 5230 19000 2.6 841 220.3 2355 3.39 80300 4.01 7.76 110.6 186.20 106.2 897 0.28 196.6 4.73
206995 206995 - 5.d 402.9 317 9100 2.3 284 35.5 359.4 1.55 24500 0.82 3.45 50.1 23.70 24.11 229.1 0.61 202 3.64
207505 207505M - 1.d 1050 10590 150300 77.5 147400 114.6 394.2 15 73700 2.24 21.9 180 2930 20850 6255 179 320.7 0.55370 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 124 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
192531 192531Z - 1.d
192531 192531Z - 2.d
192531 192531Z - 3.d
192531 192531Z - 4.d
192531 192531Z - 5.d
192531 192531Z - 6.d
192531 192531Z - 7.d
192531 192531Z - 8.d
199051 199051Z - 1.d
199051 199051Z - 2.d
199051 199051Z - 3.d
199051 199051Z - 4.d
199051 199051Z - 5.d
199051 199051Z - 6.d
199051 199051Z - 7.d
199051 199051Z - 8.d
194840 194840M - 1.d
194840 194840M - 2.d
194840 194840M - 3.d
194840 194840M - 4.d
194840 194840M - 5.d
194840 194840M - 6.d
194840 194840M - 7.d
194840 194840M - 8.d
194840 194840M - 9.d
194840 194840M - 10.d
194840 194840M - 11.d
194840 194840M - 12.d
194840 194840M - 13.d
194840 194840M - 14.d
194840 194840M - 15.d
194840 194840M - 16.d
194840 194840M - 17.d
194840 194840M - 18.d
194840 194840M - 19.d
194840 194840M - 20.d
206994 206994 - 1.d
206994 206994 - 2.d
206994 206994 - 3.d
206995 206995 - 1.d
206995 206995 - 2.d
206995 206995 - 3.d
206995 206995 - 4.d
206995 206995 - 5.d
207505 207505M - 1.dHf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
139.7 119.7 211.9 6.5 21.39 3.59 1.216 0.01 0.19 16.1 8 1 mylonitic metagranite Tropicana Zone,  Albany-Fraser
2.98 217.2 409 190 189.9 184.6 184.2 0.06 0.93 31.2 6 1 mylonitic metagranite Tropicana Zone,  Albany-Fraser
1.84 95.28 2141 32.7 36.1 28.4 27.2 0.02 2.21 16.6 6 1 mylonitic metagranite Tropicana Zone,  Albany-Fraser
5.46 12.8 950 174 182 190 182 0.11 8.15 13.7 6 1 mylonitic metagranite Tropicana Zone,  Albany-Fraser
12.36 13.55 1099 35.4 45.1 31.9 32.1 0.03 44.10 30.7 6 1 mylonitic metagranite Tropicana Zone,  Albany-Fraser
3.33 63.96 517 79.1 87.6 81.5 80.7 0.03 7.83 19.8 6 1 mylonitic metagranite Tropicana Zone,  Albany-Fraser
165.6 123.2 82.9 2.25 20.4 2.64 0.133 0.00 0.03 15.7 8 1 mylonitic metagranite Tropicana Zone,  Albany-Fraser
3.84 41.67 124.5 101.5 100 101.4 100.7 0.05 3.39 8.0 6 1 mylonitic metagranite Tropicana Zone,  Albany-Fraser
716 5740 6500 2299 22570 6960 7350 1.19 560.00 841.0 6 4 igneous biotite granite Southern Cross Domain, Youanmi 
2048 3175 2690 4180 15400 6820 10470 1.31 3722 2290.0 6 4 igneous biotite granite Southern Cross Domain, Youanmi 
497.4 2912 9660 2736 16310 5140 7380 1.49 141.60 522.0 6 4 igneous biotite granite Southern Cross Domain, Youanmi 
1992 5520 2140 4490 19770 7860 10830 1.35 1658 7240.0 6 4 igneous biotite granite Southern Cross Domain, Youanmi 
2164 3634 17090 4870 33260 11530 13030 1.88 863 2994.0 6 4 igneous biotite granite Southern Cross Domain, Youanmi 
1785 3531 4090 5240 23810 10510 13360 1.96 1892 4340.0 6 4 igneous biotite granite Southern Cross Domain, Youanmi 
2967 5540 5110 8980 33080 16110 17840 2.28 4264 5960.0 6 4 igneous biotite granite Southern Cross Domain, Youanmi 
1879 2995 955 3775 32470 10480 10430 0.91 1499 3346.0 6 4 igneous biotite granite Southern Cross Domain, Youanmi 
13.08 163.4 8880 4980 7540 5880 13510 0.78 4361 538.0 6 4 metagranodiorite Albany-Fraser Orogen
188.9 51.89 9270 2360 2840 2420 4760 0.65 1774 372.1 6 4 metagranodiorite Albany-Fraser Orogen
6.78 27.27 6510 2850 3100 2950 4770 1.07 274.10 9.1 6 4 metagranodiorite Albany-Fraser Orogen
154 139.4 1051 2640 3370 2730 7680 0.83 2560 129.2 6 4 metagranodiorite Albany-Fraser Orogen
363.7 12.27 6310 1825 2086 1863 3130 1.32 598 312.1 6 4 metagranodiorite Albany-Fraser Orogen
0.688 54.29 135.6 25.8 22.98 21.6 26.8 0.01 0.24 0.3 5 3 metagranodiorite Albany-Fraser Orogen
43.7 17.09 14440 2360 2680 2440 4380 0.78 582.60 45.1 6 4 metagranodiorite Albany-Fraser Orogen
26.01 60.03 461 2151 2700 2290 5400 1.07 1675 45.3 6 4 metagranodiorite Albany-Fraser Orogen
75.8 195 326 1980 2480 2066 5280 0.35 880 37.6 6 4 metagranodiorite Albany-Fraser Orogen
31.3 19.93 5590 1951 2260 1977 3830 1.05 574.10 36.3 6 4 metagranodiorite Albany-Fraser Orogen
119 41.06 4680 2840 3160 3010 4810 0.81 750.00 49.7 6 4 metagranodiorite Albany-Fraser Orogen
16.65 70.37 822 1351 1577 1399 2860 0.75 576.40 27.1 6 4 metagranodiorite Albany-Fraser Orogen
25.19 34.03 8850 2356 2670 2440 4540 1.14 584.70 25.2 6 4 metagranodiorite Albany-Fraser Orogen
98.3 121.8 5600 3070 3810 3240 7390 1.62 3399 182.1 6 4 metagranodiorite Albany-Fraser Orogen
4.95 12.54 8620 2600 2820 2720 4180 0.45 205.80 12.0 6 4 metagranodiorite Albany-Fraser Orogen
33.08 51.23 7830 2799 3430 2896 6150 0.74 2186 438.3 6 4 metagranodiorite Albany-Fraser Orogen
43.3 65.79 255.8 879 1114 929 2450 0.54 6044 58.4 6 4 metagranodiorite Albany-Fraser Orogen
280.8 123.1 148.2 2200 2720 2380 5200 0.51 2708 173.6 6 4 metagranodiorite Albany-Fraser Orogen
177 24.52 3920 1479 1679 1504 2360 0.64 901 247.0 6 4 metagranodiorite Albany-Fraser Orogen
596 126.1 195.4 1616 1902 1647 4040 0.59 5214 199.7 6 4 metagranodiorite Albany-Fraser Orogen
31.9 15.51 0.362 2.5 1.56 1.52 1.7 0.01 0.03 0.0 3 1 dolerite Edmund Basin
20.8 16.03 72.3 9.6 3.59 3.27 3.85 0.02 1.29 0.1 6 1 dolerite Edmund Basin
10.37 11.12 112 10.8 3.79 3.37 4.08 0.09 3.38 0.1 6 1 dolerite Edmund Basin
10.32 43.24 19.3 13.6 13.2 12.7 13.4 0.01 4.97 0.5 1 3 dolerite Edmund Basin
12.01 32.75 57.3 5.5 5.38 4.99 5.32 0.00 6.01 0.3 1 3 dolerite Edmund Basin
17.77 35.57 42.6 10.6 10.72 10.57 12.08 0.01 17.02 0.4 1 3 dolerite Edmund Basin
11.5 52.68 117.6 23.1 23.08 21.95 30.35 0.02 70.74 1.1 1 3 dolerite Edmund Basin
1.94 25.37 14.7 17.5 17.2 16.1 16.9 0.01 0.51 1.1 1 3 dolerite Edmund Basin
510 570 6260 898 1061 939 3190 0.39 511 331.0 6 4 metatonalite Yilgarn CratonAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 371Appendix C Table 1 Page 125 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
207505 207505M - 2.d 755 13680 166400 71.1 250000 101.9 483.6 12.5 49170 0.85 700 62.9 3380 15750 5004 192.50 184.6 0.6
207505 207505M - 3.d 835 22860 285800 11.8 460000 72.7 454.3 9.2 36700 0.76 450 69.1 4550 6650 3180 172.70 196.8 0.32
207505 207505M - 4.d 949 14730 195400 14.4 296000 79.2 431.1 9 53700 3.15 28.3 111 2560 14760 3833 190.60 188.5 0.245
207505 207505M - 5.d 1179 18950 241500 14.9 263000 70.8 547.9 18.7 51300 2.53 126.4 73.3 6300 15530 5680 179.40 371.7 0.28
WH WH - 1.d 258 3.13 340 0.4 0.375 31.45 2399 7324 418 0.375 2.18 5.79 0.34 769.6 2741 2.82 183.4 1.74
WH WH - 2.d 253.5 18.5 540 1.3 0.155 43.36 1039.2 14700 611 0.155 1.64 5.05 0.14 677.9 4055 6.31 181.6 2.21
WH WH - 3.d 269 2.74 110 0.7 0.7 44.95 1042.5 14940 539 0.7 1.43 4.94 0.65 695.8 4084 6.07 178.4 2.03
WH WH - 4.d 270.3 2.91 0.205 1.5 0.205 28.14 1171 12990 675 0.205 1.49 4.34 0.19 669.3 5703 8.36 83.5 0.235
WH WH - 6.d 281.1 1.39 610 0.3 0.26 66.9 1796 17960 365 0.26 1.63 4.37 0.24 772.3 3615 6.22 205.8 2.07
WH WH - 7.d 282.9 1.45 370 1.1 0.18 30.31 924.8 11860 355 0.18 1.64 4.16 0.16 653.6 6137 4.90 71.8 0.79
WH WH - 8.d 283 0.95 40 1.0 0.95 30.57 939 11800 360 0.95 0.95 4.25 0.85 629.7 6288 5.28 72 1.05
WH WH - 9.d 286.7 95.8 110 1.7 0.175 124.2 1870 12630 6830 0.175 1.6 4.1 0.16 730.8 28610 11.93 92.6 0.2
WH WH - 10.d 289.6 3.69 50 1.9 31.63 43.86 2832 8856 227 0.01 1.47 3.82 0.08 718.8 2423 2.89 179.1 1.53
WH WH - 11.d 284.5 3.28 0.125 2.5 0.125 44.3 2804 8935 204 0.125 1.46 4.42 0.11 764.8 2312 3.29 176.6 1.83
WH WH - 12.d 299.2 16.1 0.195 2.1 0.195 62.3 1057.3 3446 974 0.195 1.58 4.54 0.17 302 1388 1.95 116.6 0.92
WH WH - 13.d 314.8 15.4 60 1.8 0.14 63.3 1005 3447 975 0.14 1.35 4.2 0.12 297.8 1779 1.82 119.3 0.88
WH WH - 14.d 308.3 2.23 300 1.5 0.095 7.19 933.6 14200 298 0.095 1.62 4.34 0.08 780.1 3158 3.67 83.7 2.1
WH WH - 15.d 310.4 5.7 50 2.4 57 7.2 924 14390 282 0.7 2.04 4.87 0.60 759.5 3153 3.61 80.3 2.09
WH WHC-03 - 114.d 355.9 203 265 2.4 45.5 7.77 509.5 1954 2485 0.33 2.5 7.26 0.09 710.9 5905 14.42 127.5 1.63
WH WHC-02AS - 1.d 360.1 44.9 910 2.2 47.5 34.64 1076 3286 961 0.25 2.34 7.53 8.90 1840 5329 6.72 134.3 0.63
WH TIG - 16.d 456 1170 3420 1.7 50 14.03 900.7 3018 900 1.24 11.1 14 3.27 616.2 2272 24.50 82.8 2.21
WH WHC-02AS - 3.d 390.4 120.3 6340 1.5 60 17.47 982.7 2428 567 1.21 5.64 10.61 3.25 758.9 2415 12.22 125.7 0.328
WH WHC-02AS - 4.d 366.9 107 470 2.1 40 8.49 768.5 1895 959 0.075 2.47 8.04 0.10 713.3 2254 11.80 106.4 0.281
WH WHC-02AS - 5.d 356.5 335.1 310 2.0 36.5 12.44 79.3 512.6 3551 0.134 2.28 7.5 0.11 644.7 6115 10.29 138.8 0.35
WH WHC-02AS - 6.d 354.3 51.1 345 1.6 35 33.89 1005.7 2809 1763 0.18 2.59 8.08 0.09 712.8 6184 12.67 120.1 0.74
WH WHC-02AS - 7.d 355.6 74.3 460 2.2 55 37.48 1142 2164 1500 0.085 2.3 7.63 0.09 702.3 5612 8.62 102.2 0.63
WH WHC-02AS - 8.d 354.7 437.7 265 2.4 42.5 6.13 560.9 981.2 5261 0.165 2.53 7.78 0.08 643.9 11044 9.18 117.5 1.69
WH WHC-02AS - 9.d 350.9 317 500 2.2 41 7.16 462.2 827 4652 0.22 2.39 7.52 0.12 648.2 8924 8.03 109 0.83
WH WHC-02AS - 10.d 354.5 21.9 265 2.3 50 15.92 897.9 2855 595 0.156 2.36 8 0.08 496.4 2438 9.67 73.5 4.41
WH WHC-02AS - 11.d 356.5 60.4 270 2.4 47.5 4.85 461.8 2055 1132 0.042 2.28 7.66 0.12 661.3 3026 6.64 99.8 1.05
WH WHC-02AS - 12.d 375.1 267 435 1.3 55 1.38 300.1 834.4 1460 0.26 2.73 7.9 0.33 643.2 2187 10.93 65.2 1.1
WH NIST 610 - 14.d 349.2 59.6 680 1.1 50 6.99 627 1696 1123 0.158 2.29 7.73 0.07 632.3 2783 4.87 75.5 1.47
WH WHC-02AS - 15.d 363.1 72.8 265 3.1 44.5 7.27 347.8 886.7 2295 0.191 2.48 8.25 0.10 677.7 2827 11.53 106.4 0.86
WH WHC-02AS - 16.d 362.4 46.1 245 1.2 41.5 37.71 956.4 4456 1040 0.0305 2.55 8 0.08 660.9 7310 12.87 108.3 0.58
WH WHC-02AS - 17.d 359.2 51.6 290 1.9 55 13.06 671.6 2007 1122 0.57 3.41 7.16 0.14 511.6 3005 6.60 65.3 4.84
WH WHC-02AS - 18.d 351.3 90.8 380 2.2 55 4.2 524.2 716.9 2521 0.156 2.3 9.02 0.12 650.6 3946 18.51 87.2 0.78
WH WHC-02AS - 19.d 358 53.6 320 2.0 42 3.54 414 2429 1044 0.07 2.53 7.49 0.08 575.8 3010 5.57 71.5 2.6
WH WHC-02AS - 20.d 353.7 87.8 490 1.8 48.5 4.31 467.1 2110 1567 1 4.28 11.26 0.15 678.6 3838 11.99 112.6 1.32
WH WHC-02AS - 21.d 363.4 91.5 265 1.1 47 13.85 686.9 1241 1319 0.194 2.26 6.89 0.19 671 2795 3.81 90.4 0.315
WH TIG - 17.d 354.3 501.1 760 1.5 36 14.3 335.9 924 2793 0.24 2.32 7.59 0.09 652 6320 15.01 126.4 0.322
WH WHC-02AS - 23.d 361.9 44.6 320 2.4 49 5.24 788.6 2073 814 0.35 2.65 8.3 0.15 740.5 2370 12.61 94.8 1.35
WH WHC-02AS - 24.d 351.7 59.8 400 1.0 38 14.91 791.3 1494 1163 0.22 2.32 8.25 0.10 667.1 2514 7.20 105.3 1.68
WH WHC-02AS - 25.d 364.4 587.6 245 2.7 40.5 3.21 204.7 793.3 3113 1.7 3.59 17.6 0.59 558.2 7410 12.36 103.7 1.18
WH WHC-02AS - 26.d 356.9 25.9 320 1.9 45 5.8 1109.7 1528 821 0.172 2.42 7.76 0.47 729 2423 11.47 77.5 0.384
WH WHC-02AS - 27.d 353.7 126.9 640 1.7 36 6.34 480 1694 2031 0.095 2.48 7.42 0.13 685.6 4764 5.80 93.6 0.8372 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 126 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
207505 207505M - 2.d
207505 207505M - 3.d
207505 207505M - 4.d
207505 207505M - 5.d
WH WH - 1.d
WH WH - 2.d
WH WH - 3.d
WH WH - 4.d
WH WH - 6.d
WH WH - 7.d
WH WH - 8.d
WH WH - 9.d
WH WH - 10.d
WH WH - 11.d
WH WH - 12.d
WH WH - 13.d
WH WH - 14.d
WH WH - 15.d
WH WHC-03 - 114.d
WH WHC-02AS - 1.d
WH TIG - 16.d
WH WHC-02AS - 3.d
WH WHC-02AS - 4.d
WH WHC-02AS - 5.d
WH WHC-02AS - 6.d
WH WHC-02AS - 7.d
WH WHC-02AS - 8.d
WH WHC-02AS - 9.d
WH WHC-02AS - 10.d
WH WHC-02AS - 11.d
WH WHC-02AS - 12.d
WH NIST 610 - 14.d
WH WHC-02AS - 15.d
WH WHC-02AS - 16.d
WH WHC-02AS - 17.d
WH WHC-02AS - 18.d
WH WHC-02AS - 19.d
WH WHC-02AS - 20.d
WH WHC-02AS - 21.d
WH TIG - 17.d
WH WHC-02AS - 23.d
WH WHC-02AS - 24.d
WH WHC-02AS - 25.d
WH WHC-02AS - 26.d
WH WHC-02AS - 27.dHf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
335.1 260.5 1461 201 340 221.6 552 0.26 466 240.5 6 4 metatonalite Yilgarn Craton
217 138 1510 279 478.7 326 886 0.23 653 175.0 6 4 metatonalite Yilgarn Craton
356 248 2670 470 659 518 1710 0.19 563 167.3 6 4 metatonalite Yilgarn Craton
403 486.8 10530 362 546 409 1123 0.20 666 195.0 6 4 metatonalite Yilgarn Craton
37.92 169.8 504.1 2.1 247.1 49.6 0.34 0.01 0.38 112.3 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
38.53 363.7 652 0.5 551.4 109.3 0.282 0.01 0.16 243.9 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
40.69 451.1 866.8 0.65 614 120.1 0.65 0.03 0.70 275.7 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
35.47 262 1640 1.3 114.1 22.23 0.185 0.01 0.21 50.9 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
42.51 317.3 839.3 1.5 529 104.8 0.235 0.03 0.26 243.2 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
36.67 1054.7 693.9 0.5 98.4 19.37 0.16 0.01 0.18 45.2 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
37.36 1090.4 734 0.85 102.5 20.12 0.85 0.01 0.95 46.5 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
58.81 6747 2457 2.9 91.6 18.39 0.16 0.04 0.18 39.9 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
37.49 214.8 400.1 0.4 268.9 53.3 0.016 0.01 0.04 118.1 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
38.03 220 514.7 1.6 263.7 51.8 0.105 0.01 0.13 119.6 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
14.28 46.8 660 0.165 37.8 7.61 0.165 0.02 0.20 18.7 1 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
13.61 32.6 329.9 1 37.41 7.62 0.12 0.01 0.14 18.1 1 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
40.5 255.9 803.6 1.6 343.3 67.1 0.08 0.01 0.10 165.7 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
39.26 264.3 805.6 0.6 317.2 62.3 0.6 0.02 0.70 154.9 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
33.82 570.3 434 1.6 240.5 47.4 0.044 0.06 0.01 103.1 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
62.8 201 423.1 2.4 302.4 61.8 0.215 0.01 0.70 124.9 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
28.76 175.8 629 94 335 148 100 0.03 0.84 103.5 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
34.39 117.5 481 6.9 262.3 55.7 5.99 0.01 5.11 108.9 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
34.05 153 338.2 1.75 228.5 45.5 0.47 0.05 0.00 99.3 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
34.49 304.5 547.1 2.45 241.8 48.1 0.012 0.05 0.00 107.3 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
34.27 347.6 460.3 1.75 287.7 57.6 0.9 0.01 0.08 120.1 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
33.88 350.2 430.9 2.35 260.1 50.6 0.048 0.05 0.00 112.8 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
34.65 838 472.1 1.25 182.1 35.59 0.0215 0.05 0.00 77.4 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
34.13 662 427.7 2.25 181.7 35.5 0.055 0.05 0.07 78.0 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
25.34 106.5 368 2.1 223.8 44.8 0.017 0.02 0.08 94.7 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
32.82 181.9 339 2.8 247.4 50 0.0165 0.04 0.05 107.0 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
31.66 164.2 289.3 5.8 212.6 44 2.76 0.02 0.15 86.0 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
31.21 180.9 304.6 2.15 204.8 39.8 0.076 0.04 0.00 87.9 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
34.12 178.5 323.1 1.7 226.5 44.6 0.019 0.05 0.00 98.4 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
33.39 304.9 555.7 1.75 304.3 59.8 0.015 0.01 0.00 133.9 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
25.99 217.3 345.7 1.9 217.9 43.7 0.87 0.03 0.03 86.9 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
33.63 281.9 391.7 2.15 206.5 40.3 0.183 0.05 0.34 91.5 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
27.46 220.1 359.6 1.35 229.4 45.6 0.036 0.04 0.02 100.4 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
34.7 276.3 457 4.7 239.1 51.7 5.59 0.05 0.12 103.6 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
30.22 111.3 277.4 1.8 190.7 38 0.049 0.05 0.08 85.9 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
33.8 471.5 548.3 1.85 250.9 48.9 0.013 0.07 0.00 111.8 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
35.93 168 275.7 2 211.8 40.6 0.181 0.03 0.02 94.9 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
31.76 203.3 319.8 2.45 209.9 41.18 0.013 0.04 0.00 89.6 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
31.55 1174 644 2.2 171.3 34.6 1.39 0.02 0.13 76.9 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
34.72 116.3 351.4 1.8 233.3 45.5 0.083 0.03 0.00 101.4 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
32.61 259 343.7 1.5 225.7 44.8 0.08 0.05 0.03 97.7 7 5 granulite Toodyay, YilgarnAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 373Appendix C Table 1 Page 127 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
WH WHC-02AS - 28.d 364 84 540 3.2 44.5 18.79 849.7 2104 607 0.39 4.01 10.4 0.15 305.7 1825 3.83 49.2 16.8
WH WHC-02A - 1.d 353.2 42 260 2.2 35.5 10.05 610.8 2899 714 0.23 2.46 8.15 0.11 756.5 2672 9.44 113.8 0.5
WH WHC-02A - 2.d 416 1160 1350 2.2 44.5 26.77 851.1 1116 3274 0.21 2.47 7.48 0.69 668.1 7115 12.90 116.3 1.07
WH WHC-02A - 3.d 354.9 685.9 445 2.0 44.5 19.45 572.4 949 1920 0.09 2.15 8.54 0.09 667.8 6383 12.55 147.7 0.303
WH WHC-02A - 4.d 354.8 372.8 285 2.6 50 13.99 798.5 1955 4452 0.2 2.42 7.74 0.14 726.6 10863 12.08 138.1 1.97
WH WHC-02A - 5.d 357.1 88.6 230 2.5 55 2.64 276.4 1888 1443 0.08 2.25 7.42 0.10 550.8 2442 5.49 85.3 3.58
WH WHC-02A - 6.d 353.5 25.3 300 1.5 45 14.36 831 2499 720 0.075 2.38 7.82 0.10 653.1 3259 8.16 83.9 0.91
WH WHC-02A - 7.d 351.9 55.5 295 2.2 38.5 26.57 1029 2338 1285 0.199 2.16 8.19 0.09 757.5 4771 8.85 127.9 0.93
WH WHC-02A - 8.d 353.1 30 210 1.6 41.5 16.16 850 2368 819 0.06 2.57 7.44 0.12 715.5 2709 7.03 107.4 0.105
WH R10 - 5.d 359.4 41.3 315 2.3 36 42.62 1056.2 3248 960 0.15 2.32 7.71 0.08 767.7 5369 13.56 138.1 0.43
WH WHC-02A - 10.d 357.5 28.8 210 1.6 46 11.53 676 3255 694 0.44 3.35 7.58 0.16 666.6 3166 6.32 88.5 0.48
WH WHC-02A - 11.d 446 1170 1760 2.9 50 6.16 575.8 3337 1810 3.4 8.2 16.7 0.95 481 6912 2.20 37.1 3.96
WH WHC-02A - 12.d 361 31.3 900 2.5 42.5 17.42 698.2 3998 793 0.07 3.3 8.3 12.80 3630 4788 10.62 117.1 0.75
WH WHC-02A - 13.d 354.9 134 380 1.8 65 2.67 277.8 1979 973 0.64 2.58 8.43 0.32 575 2218 6.52 77.2 2.86
WH TIG - 18.d 357.1 53.7 275 2.5 55 34.28 895 1216 3377 0.09 2.3 7.52 0.09 674 6041 14.24 152 0.285
WH WHC-02A - 15.d 362.4 68.3 215 2.6 34 5.11 570.9 1321 1705 0.23 2.45 7.58 0.08 745.1 2870 9.40 100.2 0.1
WH WHC-02A - 16.d 552 1560 2480 1.9 34.5 16.85 524 2148 997 0.64 2.6 8 1.81 706.8 3013 9.25 123.2 0.356
WH WHC-02A - 17.d 354.1 72.7 275 1.5 46.5 26.28 920 1578 1615 0.135 2.46 7.25 0.10 640.4 4635 12.74 112.9 0.36
WH WHC-02A - 18.d 360.7 52.5 220 2.9 39.5 6.7 706.9 1739 1154 0.14 2.32 7.99 0.11 766.3 2475 10.41 113.2 0.49
WH WHC-02A - 19.d 372.8 239 275 2.0 47 24.12 909.2 3689 947 0.61 3.53 7.48 0.99 734 6019 7.73 135.5 0.832
WH WHC-02A - 20.d 354.4 95.2 335 3.3 47 41.72 885.1 900.5 4607 0.24 2.31 7.78 0.12 688.6 8600 12.40 146.6 0.305
WH WHC-02A - 21.d 361.3 99 325 1.8 55 3.18 299.9 1582 2263 0.09 2.9 9.7 0.80 566.2 4821 5.41 64 4.05
WH WHC-02A - 22.d 358.5 39 300 1.8 46 7.48 694.4 2784 891 0.24 2.52 7.91 0.14 636.4 2467 8.88 94.2 2.43
WH WHC-02A - 23.d 361.3 69.6 340 2.4 34 13.17 726.3 2650 1197 0.09 2.47 8.06 1.70 824 3212 8.76 116.8 0.39
WH WHC-02A - 24.d 358.8 490.8 280 2.9 40 34.96 573.9 958.3 2428 0.115 2.21 7.26 0.08 661.6 6168 12.80 143.6 0.247
WH WHC-02A - 25.d 360.4 417 830 1.8 55 19.28 1141.3 2176 1121 0.105 2.71 8.62 0.37 717.4 3126 12.91 102.6 0.54
WH WHC-02A - 26.d 369.7 83.3 250 2.0 47 4.49 320.3 2021 1270 0.075 2.73 7.25 0.27 567 2819 5.86 104 2.45
WH WHC-02A - 27.d 354.4 81.9 290 2.2 49.5 40.7 1063 1839 1541 0.0335 2.24 7.2 0.25 752.9 5201 11.81 128.4 0.71
WH WHC-02A - 28.d 368.7 158 320 2.1 45.5 9.94 633 1868 1227 0.28 3.24 8.91 0.20 515 3216 5.12 80.4 3.44
WH WHC-02A - 29.d 353.8 64.9 305 2.4 33.5 3.79 652.9 1221 1165 0.171 2.27 7.02 0.14 619.2 2063 11.98 91.7 0.77
WH WHC-02A - 30.d 351.6 51.9 345 1.8 41.5 6.38 399.9 1007.9 1910 0.176 2.24 7.76 0.11 723.1 2624 10.11 103.4 0.47
WH WHC-02A - 31.d 353.2 197.5 265 2.2 31.5 3.07 248.2 790 2911 0.32 2.83 7.55 0.13 606.3 5517 9.23 134.9 0.74
WH NIST 612 - 16.d 365.2 122 600 2.3 60 5.13 463.9 1829 1403 0.52 3.15 8.28 0.15 559.9 3185 3.73 87.8 3.56
WH R10 - 6.d 362.1 105 315 1.4 45 8.61 1082.5 3517 1056 0.29 3.83 8.67 0.24 653.1 5577 11.62 89 2.05
WH WHC-02A - 34.d 368.8 127 600 2.2 55 10.7 587.1 2632 1076 1.42 5.33 16.7 0.79 562.8 3217 8.29 125.9 1.15
WH WHC-02A - 35.d 362.7 34.5 290 2.5 55 5.04 1008 1831 816 0.08 2.84 8.09 0.14 626 2703 9.62 60.4 1.18
WH WHC-02A - 36.d 361.9 100.4 485 3.3 70 9.95 494.4 2212 886 0.18 2.4 8.1 0.12 709.3 2780 11.44 131.1 0.61
WH WHC-02A - 37.d 372.4 103.8 390 1.7 75 10.7 493.9 2234 925 0.15 2.67 7.13 0.12 684.1 2776 12.20 121.3 0.91
WH WHC-02A - 38.d 380.1 623 280 1.8 38.5 6.96 230.1 879.1 4120 0.25 2.9 8.17 0.22 724.1 8415 7.70 132 1.19
WH WHC-02A - 39.d 364.7 267 295 2.1 43.5 7.54 1011.2 885.1 1621 0.186 2.4 7.3 0.13 716.7 2779 9.45 118.8 0.71
WH WHC-02A - 40.d 422 760 1660 2.5 111 13.5 629 2270 1850 3.74 18.4 14 0.70 572.6 3902 17.00 89.1 4.49
WH WHC-02A - 41.d 361.3 136.2 330 1.2 32.5 4.99 335.2 1290 2202 0.25 3.16 8.6 0.18 566.8 3009 11.48 92.4 2.33
WH WHC-02A - 42.d 394.3 482 350 3.0 36.5 5.24 350.9 1470 1882 0.24 2.47 7.62 1.08 510.9 4075 10.99 85.6 4.24
WH WHC-02A - 43.d 460 670 1260 2.5 47 29.84 1106 2395 865 0.65 4.57 9.64 3.77 679.4 4318 4.51 94.2 1.19
WH WHC-02A - 44.d 354.1 51.4 410 1.7 48.5 2.74 281.9 2332 978 0.18 3.02 8.48 0.11 594.3 2833 5.56 65.2 2.72374 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 128 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
WH WHC-02AS - 28.d
WH WHC-02A - 1.d
WH WHC-02A - 2.d
WH WHC-02A - 3.d
WH WHC-02A - 4.d
WH WHC-02A - 5.d
WH WHC-02A - 6.d
WH WHC-02A - 7.d
WH WHC-02A - 8.d
WH R10 - 5.d
WH WHC-02A - 10.d
WH WHC-02A - 11.d
WH WHC-02A - 12.d
WH WHC-02A - 13.d
WH TIG - 18.d
WH WHC-02A - 15.d
WH WHC-02A - 16.d
WH WHC-02A - 17.d
WH WHC-02A - 18.d
WH WHC-02A - 19.d
WH WHC-02A - 20.d
WH WHC-02A - 21.d
WH WHC-02A - 22.d
WH WHC-02A - 23.d
WH WHC-02A - 24.d
WH WHC-02A - 25.d
WH WHC-02A - 26.d
WH WHC-02A - 27.d
WH WHC-02A - 28.d
WH WHC-02A - 29.d
WH WHC-02A - 30.d
WH WHC-02A - 31.d
WH NIST 612 - 16.d
WH R10 - 6.d
WH WHC-02A - 34.d
WH WHC-02A - 35.d
WH WHC-02A - 36.d
WH WHC-02A - 37.d
WH WHC-02A - 38.d
WH WHC-02A - 39.d
WH WHC-02A - 40.d
WH WHC-02A - 41.d
WH WHC-02A - 42.d
WH WHC-02A - 43.d
WH WHC-02A - 44.dHf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
15.53 54.8 274 8.6 140 33.5 7.9 0.01 0.02 50.4 4 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
35.34 214.4 336.4 1.75 235.8 46.7 0.53 0.03 0.00 100.5 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
34.44 596.6 606.7 1.5 214.2 43 0.528 0.06 0.24 94.3 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
35.29 575 516.7 2.3 260.3 51.35 0.037 0.08 0.00 113.7 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
36.39 746 645 1.75 203.2 40.61 0.13 0.05 0.00 86.0 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
29.03 84.3 382.7 2.2 190.8 38.45 0.019 0.05 0.02 81.3 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
32.57 188.4 343.8 1.85 249 49.5 0.0125 0.01 0.01 112.6 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
34.87 325.1 425.6 1.35 263.9 52.4 0.11 0.04 0.00 113.8 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
32.26 66.8 331.4 1.55 204 40.14 0.017 0.03 0.00 91.1 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
38.23 217.4 435.6 2.8 292 58.2 0.014 0.01 0.00 126.8 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
32.42 171.8 368.7 2 249 50 0.164 0.03 0.04 107.1 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
25.3 422 692 9.8 196.5 48 11.8 0.01 1.68 84.0 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
111 270.3 314.1 5.8 326.4 68.6 5.88 0.01 1.67 142.4 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
30.4 198 350.4 2.85 182 37.35 2.02 0.04 0.13 75.3 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
36.35 1023.2 430.9 2.6 279.3 54.8 0.013 0.04 0.01 118.1 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
35.96 147.2 332.2 1.7 230.5 45.9 0.014 0.04 0.00 100.7 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
32.81 155.2 272.2 9.9 279.9 60.9 9.3 0.02 1.45 115.8 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
33.54 260.8 555.3 2.85 288 57 0.065 0.05 0.00 120.6 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
35.11 108.9 320.5 1.5 232.7 45.3 0.012 0.04 0.00 104.2 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
33.85 267.5 353.2 2.55 273.4 55.8 1.76 0.02 0.08 117.0 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
37.26 1456 354.7 2.4 243 48.2 0.014 0.05 0.00 102.4 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
27.82 345.7 377.3 2.15 255.3 51.4 1.33 0.05 0.03 97.1 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
32.08 198.9 335.5 1.15 239 47.7 0.101 0.03 0.00 107.7 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
38.4 213.6 339.7 1.45 243.1 48.6 0.071 0.03 0.23 107.3 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
35.71 601.9 475.9 1.55 253.3 50 0.0135 0.07 0.00 109.8 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
35.74 136.6 337.9 1.9 243.6 47.8 0.049 0.07 0.02 106.2 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
29.52 179 302.8 2 178.9 35.8 0.152 0.04 0.04 76.0 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
37.77 241.8 483.5 1.85 274.3 54.2 0.365 0.05 0.01 116.8 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
30.73 225.9 371.9 6.3 122.5 29.78 6.99 0.02 1.84 50.8 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
31.25 93.4 298.1 1.55 231.8 46.31 0.142 0.04 0.00 101.8 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
36.1 119.2 314 1.35 235.2 45.5 0.014 0.04 0.00 95.9 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
34.98 306.4 627.9 2.3 250.4 49.7 0.84 0.06 0.28 98.6 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
28.49 258.8 615 2.05 205.1 41.3 1.61 0.06 0.03 87.8 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
34.31 391 389.5 10.8 262.5 59.8 10.2 0.03 0.09 110.7 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
29.9 337.5 371.2 3.2 198.2 46.9 9.7 0.01 0.47 70.5 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
31.7 192.8 334 2.2 212.6 42 0.63 0.03 0.02 83.4 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
33.78 138.3 276.9 2.55 200.7 40.6 0.061 0.06 0.02 91.8 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
33.67 141.9 287.5 2.5 185.2 37.6 1.16 0.06 0.04 90.6 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
35.47 460.9 448.3 1.4 160.6 32.34 2.05 0.04 0.24 68.5 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
35.16 148.9 297.8 1.75 215.5 42.7 0.039 0.06 0.03 91.9 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
29.48 259.9 1490 82 315 132 86 0.03 1.50 86.9 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
29.82 177.9 331.2 1.75 243.4 48.4 0.56 0.06 0.07 105.6 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
27.57 262.3 344.5 5.7 240.2 51 4.38 0.01 0.61 96.9 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
34.12 277.4 718 10.2 262.4 60.8 11.34 0.02 4.76 110.8 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
30.53 241.6 341.1 1.5 220.7 44 1.19 0.04 0.02 93.0 7 5 granulite Toodyay, YilgarnAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 375Appendix C Table 1 Page 129 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
WH WHC-02A - 45.d 355.2 126.1 245 2.3 38.5 5.09 316.8 1724 3306 0.09 2.31 7.31 0.08 550.4 6963 4.05 104.5 2.33
WH WHC-02A - 46.d 366.5 291 330 2.6 31.5 5.19 474.1 1077 1728 0.1 2.4 8.23 0.11 644.9 2439 12.67 82.1 2.38
WH WHC-02A - 47.d 357.2 44.7 230 2.3 50 43.25 1104 3019 1162 0.142 3.1 7.75 0.11 677.1 5907 14.31 124.7 0.409
WH WHC-02A - 48.d 648 3320 8400 1.9 40 29.4 1215 1640 2010 1.74 23.5 18.2 1.08 662.6 2247 26.40 70 0.47
WH WHC-02A - 49.d 360.1 64.3 260 2.3 45 40.97 1071 2030 1729 0.135 2.35 7.4 0.10 753.2 5695 13.20 117 0.71
WH WHC-02A - 50.d 353.7 134 360 2.6 55 1.83 299.9 1036 1821 0.06 2.62 7.71 1.86 721 2188 13.06 103.8 0.66
WH WHC-02A - 51.d 355.8 49.3 410 1.8 65 5.65 488.1 1798 1032 0.035 2.54 6.52 0.10 605.1 2502 5.62 60.6 1.13
WH WHC-02A - 52.d 359.5 52.4 345 2.3 45.5 15.48 787.8 1690 1290 0.08 2.19 8.17 1.00 596.8 2773 9.77 111.4 2.71
WH WHC-02A - 53.d 389 630 1560 4.2 39.5 3.83 378.9 1518 1823 1.37 7.77 11.7 0.54 598.7 3756 7.30 59.6 1.87
WH GSD-1G - 18.d 384.9 501 1700 2.0 41.5 27.24 1032 3116 1121 0.47 7.97 9.93 1.37 704.1 4474 7.99 118.4 0.55
WH WHC-02A - 55.d 365.5 108.1 330 1.9 55 19.92 427.8 1583 2935 0.77 2.46 7.95 1.03 621.5 5837 13.50 105.9 0.614
WH R10 - 7.d 371.3 58.9 325 1.3 50 7.12 421.8 2235 1241 0.085 2.4 8.46 0.09 646.7 2988 7.79 104.4 1.27
WH WHC-02A - 57.d 364.1 28.2 290 2.6 47 47.99 654.4 3747 308 0.1 2.4 7.42 0.12 580.4 2132 7.91 157 9.65
WH WHC-02A - 58.d 364.4 74.3 295 2.4 55 30.7 1048 2553 1658 0.1 2.38 8.44 0.13 745.1 5715 9.19 131.7 0.57
WH WHC-02A - 59.d 375.1 1210 870 2.3 60 11.25 696.5 1715 4500 0.53 2.4 8.5 0.21 719.7 9384 8.30 122.2 0.87
WH WHC-02A - 60.d 366.9 113 415 2.7 38.5 7.77 557.4 1849 1172 0.115 2.61 7.99 0.44 721.4 2800 4.57 97.5 0.095
WH WHC-02A - 61.d 524 3390 4300 2.1 44.5 15.34 745.9 717.5 4561 0.69 2.76 8.63 0.32 703.3 9521 8.64 104.1 1
WH WHC-02A - 62.d 363.9 237.2 275 3.1 44 3.73 167.5 647.9 4147 0.58 2.93 7.98 0.92 650.1 6130 12.72 146.7 0.377
WH WHC-02A - 63.d 364.1 27.5 245 1.9 40.5 14.3 1266 2228 720 0.145 2.48 7.93 0.14 739.5 2635 11.92 91.8 0.159
WH WHC-02A - 64.d 360.2 48.3 345 2.6 38.5 4.77 894.8 1876 828 0.065 2.32 7 0.10 718.4 2313 12.57 88.7 0.448
WH WHC-02A - 65.d 357 95.6 245 2.9 41.5 1.26 247.3 1342 1874 0.48 2.49 8.6 0.15 536.8 2776 5.63 61.5 3.22
WH WHC-02A - 66.d 359.2 57.8 200 1.6 55 8.52 540.9 1502 1220 0.23 2.75 8.18 0.18 614.6 3035 3.74 84 1.55
WH WHC-02A - 67.d 380 116 6600 5.2 50 5.15 1284 1860 783 6.2 5.32 9.6 0.25 591.4 2430 12.50 40.3 2.3
WH WHC-02A - 68.d 382.3 105 235 2.4 37 7.95 432.3 2864 1164 0.54 4.51 9.39 1.48 990 3560 13.47 120.5 0.86
WH WHC-02A - 69.d 357.9 135.4 365 2.1 44 4.51 294.6 861.9 2376 0.095 2.28 7.4 0.10 659.1 2853 10.30 94.5 0.81
WH WHC-02A - 70.d 381 299 240 1.8 44 13.84 625.2 2265 921 0.33 2.23 8.52 0.17 759.3 2654 7.94 134.5 0.543
WH WHC-02A - 71.d 412 810 1480 1.8 38 3.3 280 2192 959 0.207 3.31 7.61 0.49 754 2355 8.00 105.4 0.74
WH WHC-02A - 72.d 354.8 102 370 2.1 44.5 32.16 1076 3047 827 0.075 2.42 8.1 0.11 738.6 4774 4.99 123.9 0.44
WH WHC-02A - 73.d 427 1090 1820 2.4 48.5 1.31 325.2 840 1778 0.22 2.43 8.14 0.08 612.7 2356 9.41 98.1 2.5
WH GSD-1G - 19.d 360.7 63.2 1020 2.3 65 6.66 629.8 1292.9 1995 1.6 10.62 13.6 0.16 620.5 2569 13.47 77.7 2.48
WH WHC-02A - 75.d 1022 8700 14000 1.4 35 13.77 1102.6 1749 1639 1.24 2.53 9.3 0.14 600.3 4371 11.01 86.7 3.02
WH WHC-02A - 76.d 355 53.4 730 2.2 43.5 15.61 667.7 1589 1157 0.162 2.56 8.03 0.21 668 2904 6.34 94.5 0.87
WH WHC-02BS - 1.d 776 6300 13100 0.7 330 5.05 347 2598 2600 4.6 2.38 11.7 0.91 715.6 5581 8.08 129.2 0.76
WH WHC-02BS - 2.d 367.1 79.6 285 0.5 47 17.75 815.3 1747 2089 0.125 2.39 8 0.09 723 5156 13.44 128.5 0.331
WH NIST 612 - 18.d 366.7 31 950 2.9 41.5 10.98 1169 2392 627 0.202 2.37 7.62 0.10 752.5 2851 12.28 109.1 0.213
WH R10 - 8.d 361.3 74.6 330 2.4 50 8.26 426.2 2174 1070 0.232 2.73 8.38 0.11 768.9 2695 6.23 113.4 0.199
WH WHC-02BS - 5.d 371.3 226 405 2.5 55 8.29 497.7 2490 1060 0.49 4.37 47 0.12 622.3 3964 4.32 73.7 1.41
WH WHC-02BS - 6.d 359.3 25.5 240 0.6 47 13.73 1264 1554 781 0.095 2.84 8.31 0.09 725.1 2718 10.96 83.3 0.623
WH WHC-02BS - 7.d 362.7 333.3 660 2.9 47.5 7.24 557.4 849.9 2287 0.08 2.43 7.8 0.08 653 4843 11.47 135.6 0.396
WH WHC-02BS - 8.d 364.3 66 530 2.4 44.5 3.55 513.7 1986 890 0.124 2.77 7.93 0.08 643.2 2583 5.91 52.3 0.73
WH WHC-02BS - 9.d 369.5 236 260 2.4 55 10.28 616.9 1959 1555 0.27 2.84 8.24 0.08 769.4 4269 6.74 111.9 0.334
WH WHC-02BS - 10.d 359.2 44.8 1840 2.6 43 5.79 444.2 2169 950 0.195 2.63 8.2 0.15 593.9 2590 4.09 76 2.5
WH WHC-02BS - 11.d 353 33.1 350 1.4 48.5 16.27 835.7 2441 884 0.28 2.36 6.65 0.08 735 2492 6.25 103.9 0.255
WH WHC-02BS - 12.d 359.7 52 870 2.9 43 17.02 858 1960 639 0.151 2.19 7.24 0.17 459.5 2093 5.42 74.4 5.63
WH WHC-02BS - 13.d 360.2 133.9 235 1.8 41.5 39 771.8 787 3611 0.17 2.32 7.97 0.09 696.2 6667 12.78 149.7 0.239376 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 130 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
WH WHC-02A - 45.d
WH WHC-02A - 46.d
WH WHC-02A - 47.d
WH WHC-02A - 48.d
WH WHC-02A - 49.d
WH WHC-02A - 50.d
WH WHC-02A - 51.d
WH WHC-02A - 52.d
WH WHC-02A - 53.d
WH GSD-1G - 18.d
WH WHC-02A - 55.d
WH R10 - 7.d
WH WHC-02A - 57.d
WH WHC-02A - 58.d
WH WHC-02A - 59.d
WH WHC-02A - 60.d
WH WHC-02A - 61.d
WH WHC-02A - 62.d
WH WHC-02A - 63.d
WH WHC-02A - 64.d
WH WHC-02A - 65.d
WH WHC-02A - 66.d
WH WHC-02A - 67.d
WH WHC-02A - 68.d
WH WHC-02A - 69.d
WH WHC-02A - 70.d
WH WHC-02A - 71.d
WH WHC-02A - 72.d
WH WHC-02A - 73.d
WH GSD-1G - 19.d
WH WHC-02A - 75.d
WH WHC-02A - 76.d
WH WHC-02BS - 1.d
WH WHC-02BS - 2.d
WH NIST 612 - 18.d
WH R10 - 8.d
WH WHC-02BS - 5.d
WH WHC-02BS - 6.d
WH WHC-02BS - 7.d
WH WHC-02BS - 8.d
WH WHC-02BS - 9.d
WH WHC-02BS - 10.d
WH WHC-02BS - 11.d
WH WHC-02BS - 12.d
WH WHC-02BS - 13.dHf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
30.1 403.5 518.1 2.2 170.7 33.9 0.016 0.04 0.00 74.2 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
32.48 172.2 332.4 1.95 241 46.7 0.21 0.05 0.01 103.0 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
34.36 274.7 468.7 1.5 326.7 64.7 1.26 0.01 0.00 126.7 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
33.24 139.2 1330 175 430 221 170 0.04 0.24 99.1 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
37.98 345.4 433.2 2.15 263.8 51.7 0.0155 0.03 0.01 113.2 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
35.35 102.5 308.3 1.65 217.6 44.1 0.61 0.04 0.07 94.4 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
31.27 196.4 311 2.15 225 44.44 0.076 0.04 0.00 93.2 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
31.21 152.4 313.4 2.1 209.9 41.6 0.482 0.02 0.11 90.5 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
29.56 218.2 567 28.6 270.4 77.4 32.5 0.03 0.05 90.4 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
33.69 224.4 749 59 355 120.1 61.9 0.02 0.57 123.4 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
34.46 1032 447 2.4 226.3 44.6 0.271 0.06 0.72 98.3 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
30.85 197.3 297.8 1.45 222.6 43.1 0.031 0.04 0.00 95.8 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
35.14 80.7 1151 1.45 260 51.9 0.107 0.01 0.13 114.1 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
34.96 376.5 410.8 1.95 264.5 51.9 0.017 0.05 0.00 110.1 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
37.69 777.6 421.8 2.4 217 41.9 0.065 0.06 0.09 87.7 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
34.71 225.6 578 1.5 211.9 41.8 0.334 0.05 0.42 89.3 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
36.88 497.2 615.3 1.75 185.4 37.5 0.95 0.06 0.04 78.8 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
35.83 977 481.6 1.75 247.8 48.6 0.152 0.06 0.13 105.0 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
34.68 127.1 292.2 1.9 237.5 46.3 0.058 0.03 0.00 97.8 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
34.49 97.8 314.3 2.6 209.3 40.9 0.012 0.03 0.00 90.8 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
29.72 226.7 294.4 2 173 34.81 0.65 0.04 0.03 72.8 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
33.24 251.7 306.3 1.8 181 37.29 1.39 0.04 0.06 76.7 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
28.69 154.7 348.9 4.8 248.5 53.4 4.37 0.04 0.15 85.4 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
42.7 219.5 363.8 16 337 78.1 13.3 0.03 0.22 133.2 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
33.8 155 304.8 1.55 207.2 41.5 0.018 0.06 0.00 90.3 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
35.52 195.9 274 1.95 217.2 43.5 0.047 0.06 0.01 91.7 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
37.1 197.4 311.7 7 206.4 46.3 6.62 0.02 0.26 83.7 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
35.62 148.9 449.8 1.4 285.2 58.5 1.61 0.06 0.03 121.2 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
31.12 142.7 281.2 1.4 195.3 38.5 0.076 0.05 0.07 81.7 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
31.92 142.9 771 11.5 223.3 52.6 11.5 0.03 0.14 81.3 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
32.66 350.8 374.3 2.6 263.5 51.5 0.612 0.07 0.07 102.4 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
32.36 171.8 290.7 2.15 223.5 44 0.113 0.02 0.18 94.4 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
34.86 263.9 394.5 8.8 261.6 57.9 7 0.03 0.16 100.3 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
36.5 428.5 453 2.5 266 51.8 0.0165 0.05 0.00 112.6 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
36.12 139.6 276.5 2.15 220.4 43.7 0.0185 0.03 0.00 93.5 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
35.06 125.8 214.4 2.25 232.3 45.86 0.0115 0.04 0.00 104.6 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
29.1 149.6 381.2 2.3 260.3 52.6 2.01 0.04 0.04 104.4 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
34.17 160.1 284.8 1.75 239.3 48 0.72 0.01 0.00 103.9 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
34.53 390.4 517 2.2 253.7 50.4 0.045 0.07 0.00 109.2 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
31.5 227.8 357.9 3.9 247.3 50.4 3.5 0.03 0.03 102.3 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
34.94 133.4 366 2.05 272.5 53.8 1.17 0.06 0.00 116.0 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
28.28 161.9 309.2 1.85 205.5 40.81 0.082 0.03 0.06 89.8 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
33.24 133.6 248.1 1.7 228.8 44.9 0.031 0.03 0.00 100.8 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
23.89 95 310.8 1.95 174.3 36.2 2.76 0.03 0.38 74.4 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
36.15 1067 393.7 2.6 246.6 49.1 0.0205 0.06 0.00 108.6 7 5 granulite Toodyay, YilgarnAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 377Appendix C Table 1 Page 131 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
WH WHC-02BS - 14.d 370.3 94 275 1.9 48 43.61 1082 3123 907 0.155 2.52 9.09 3.93 793 5583 14.68 138.1 0.319
WH WHC-02BS - 15.d 359.2 50.3 255 1.7 45 4.27 987.1 1146 1295 0.29 2.99 7.49 0.08 679.5 2846 13.14 92.8 1.39
WH WHC-02BS - 16.d 357.2 18.4 360 3.7 50 12.03 950 2233 749 0.07 2.56 8.14 0.09 701.1 2491 12.00 79.9 0.74
WH WHC-02BS - 17.d 360.5 54 330 1.6 65 16.39 717.8 2010 1142 0.155 2.38 7.95 0.12 724.2 2871 6.28 87.2 0.332
WH TIG - 21.d 3170 86100 100100 2.1 70 17.2 514.2 2764 4130 2.75 2.7 31.4 0.33 371.7 2650 5.96 35.8 12.23
WH WHC-02BS - 19.d 362.4 148.5 530 2.8 38 6.26 442.9 2294 2755 0.206 2.15 8.04 0.09 695.3 6509 8.71 134.7 0.313
WH WHC-02BS - 20.d 361.5 112.1 390 2.2 47.5 5.83 338.7 2406 2082 0.078 2.34 7.96 0.09 689.7 4609 11.60 114.1 0.3
WH WHC-02BS - 21.d 359.7 38.7 490 2.4 55 4.82 445.8 2812 711 0.08 2.4 8.19 0.66 757 2586 5.76 63.2 0.201
WH WHC-02BS - 22.d 380 1500 2300 2.6 39.5 8.41 452.8 4332 588 0.25 2.21 8.27 9.60 1290 2867 14.21 95.3 5.66
WH WHC-02BS - 23.d 358.2 128.8 295 2.3 44 6.3 458.3 916 2708 0.146 2.31 7.55 0.11 575.6 5894 11.91 92.7 0.79
WH WHC-02BS - 24.d 354.5 37.7 325 1.6 42 35.4 1143 3348 758 0.09 2.25 7.56 0.08 627.8 4530 15.84 124.7 1.98
WH WHC-02BS - 25.d 357.7 32.1 315 2.8 47 11.92 638.5 2720 672 0.192 2.44 7.74 0.09 687 2451 3.94 92.2 0.249
WH WHC-02BS - 26.d 357.1 254.4 240 2.7 44.5 2.95 169 1461 2452 0.08 2.53 8.5 0.11 671 4741 12.76 137.9 0.265
WH NIST 610 - 19.d 357.9 30.3 380 1.6 50 22.83 1218 2959 638 0.125 2.26 7.15 0.09 732.6 3580 14.09 102.3 0.354
WH R10 - 9.d 360.5 62.1 630 1.9 41 7.15 421.9 1438 1689 0.26 2.17 8.26 0.12 597.9 2495 7.97 94.3 1.82
WH WHC-02BS - 29.d 361.7 69.7 360 2.6 42 3.58 284.8 1643 1644 0.115 2.27 6.95 0.18 780 2874 5.19 118.3 0.207
WH WHC-02BS - 30.d 366.2 77.7 290 2.4 50 37.87 1211 1172 2065 0.24 2.43 8.4 0.11 740.3 4663 13.04 124.5 0.248
WH WHC-02BS - 31.d 360.2 34.4 355 1.9 55 16.88 915.5 1989 695 0.165 2.16 7.55 0.22 655 2256 4.86 86.5 0.98
WH WHC-02BS - 32.d 890 610 1250 1.6 60 15.52 826.1 2115 1130 1.62 2.31 10.8 0.10 568.8 2489 4.50 80.6 2.28
WH WHC-02BS - 33.d 386.9 275 345 2.9 55 34.39 953 3770 812 0.38 3.05 8.51 0.83 874 5673 9.33 127 0.57
WH WHC-02BS - 34.d 364.1 54.4 250 2.4 55 6.47 506.9 1617 1338 0.105 2.63 8.4 0.10 659.4 2890 2.86 87.1 0.87
WH WHC-02BS - 35.d 363.8 26.5 250 2.1 47.5 10.93 962.6 1975 591 0.17 2.64 8.17 0.10 659.4 2329 11.24 96.5 1.86
WH WHC-02BS - 36.d 365.5 66.5 220 2.8 55 2.48 520.8 1316 1417 0.152 2.24 7.58 0.11 624 2354 9.56 71.1 1.52
WH WHC-02BS - 37.d 358.3 26.8 255 2.2 55 24.11 1329 1348 743 0.14 2.32 7.6 0.10 630 2316 11.84 95.6 2.31
WH TIG - 22.d 356.8 34.3 300 2.5 46.5 4.83 534.1 2381 864 0.2 2.48 7.95 0.09 469.7 2830 4.19 45.7 4.43
WH WHC-02BS - 39.d 362 86.7 350 2.7 44 5.17 264.3 1902 1543 0.34 2.42 7.69 0.11 752.5 2762 6.45 124.2 0.239
WH WHC-02BS - 40.d 364.5 71.5 245 0.6 27.5 5.74 426.5 1533 1608 0.23 2.44 7.53 0.19 512.3 2903 4.09 62.6 2.68
WH WHC-02BS - 41.d 363.9 39.2 325 2.2 45 11.62 1391 1624 668 0.07 2.54 7.53 0.11 750 2423 10.41 89.5 0.154
WH WHC-02BS - 42.d 366.9 338.1 315 3.2 40 2.48 540.2 1160 4212 0.168 2.4 7.7 0.10 697.8 8470 7.37 101 0.316
WH WHC-02BS - 43.d 359.7 89.5 310 2.1 65 4.34 282.6 1413 1512 0.095 2.36 7.5 0.15 616 2882 3.36 82.1 1.3
WH WHC-02BS - 44.d 362.8 24.2 220 2.0 47.5 15.23 1042.7 5109 506 0.105 2.17 7.24 0.19 732 4461 12.54 115.9 0.324
WH WHC-02BS - 45.d 367.7 121 290 2.1 47 30.59 1160 3592 807 0.13 4.19 8.6 0.20 599.8 5549 12.91 106.7 2.61
WH WHC-02BS - 46.d 358.5 101.3 375 2.0 45.5 1.77 239.8 927 2056 0.27 2.43 7.72 0.09 726.4 2345 9.82 112.3 0.252
WH WHC-02BS - 47.d 355.8 62.7 4190 3.1 75 12.26 542 2493 753 0.069 2.2 7.68 0.12 581 2766 6.41 81.4 1.85
WH WHC-02BS - 48.d 360.5 42.2 350 2.7 44.5 7.21 712.1 2739 730 0.085 2.3 7.87 0.08 690.7 2931 5.78 81.5 0.61
WH WHC-02BS - 49.d 356.4 93 260 3.1 45.5 30.21 1028 2380 854 0.0355 2.33 7.66 0.06 674 3870 9.79 104.6 0.8
WH NIST 612 - 20.d 360.2 101.1 690 1.7 43.5 5.58 351.7 975.4 2214 0.175 2.45 7.54 0.12 591 2727 7.73 91.8 1.53
WH R10 - 10.d 368.4 45.8 290 2.7 42 15.3 736.7 2509 647 0.12 2.38 7.67 0.38 621.6 2428 8.25 120.8 1.72
WH WHC-02BS - 52.d 366 74.2 340 2.4 49.5 25.39 1037 3978 1914 0.14 3.12 8.34 0.17 788.9 8124 14.22 136.3 0.298
WH WHC-02BS - 53.d 358 95.1 235 1.7 45.5 3.08 234.9 1557 2234 0.109 2.09 7.49 0.09 629.7 4245 15.10 119.7 0.34
WH WHC-02BS - 54.d 363.8 120.3 295 2.2 55 5.87 603 1075 2503 0.1 2.44 7.75 0.09 636.7 4561 20.00 103.9 1
WH WHC-02BS - 55.d 364.9 57.6 335 1.9 50 8.06 746 1576 1049 0.115 2.09 8 0.10 661.8 2372 5.74 114.1 0.396
WH WHC-02BS - 56.d 377 640 1420 2.9 65 8.55 636.6 1211 3311 0.38 4.16 8.8 0.13 651.4 5627 6.92 139 1
WH WHC-02BS - 57.d 351.6 18.6 205 2.0 38.5 23.54 1244 2093 844 0.085 2.24 7.08 0.60 657.6 2989 13.48 91.7 2.08
WH WHC-02BS - 58.d 363 82.6 335 2.7 43.5 5.99 382.1 1927 1424 0.16 2.44 7.55 0.08 722.8 3093 6.69 102.5 0.342378 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 132 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
WH WHC-02BS - 14.d
WH WHC-02BS - 15.d
WH WHC-02BS - 16.d
WH WHC-02BS - 17.d
WH TIG - 21.d
WH WHC-02BS - 19.d
WH WHC-02BS - 20.d
WH WHC-02BS - 21.d
WH WHC-02BS - 22.d
WH WHC-02BS - 23.d
WH WHC-02BS - 24.d
WH WHC-02BS - 25.d
WH WHC-02BS - 26.d
WH NIST 610 - 19.d
WH R10 - 9.d
WH WHC-02BS - 29.d
WH WHC-02BS - 30.d
WH WHC-02BS - 31.d
WH WHC-02BS - 32.d
WH WHC-02BS - 33.d
WH WHC-02BS - 34.d
WH WHC-02BS - 35.d
WH WHC-02BS - 36.d
WH WHC-02BS - 37.d
WH TIG - 22.d
WH WHC-02BS - 39.d
WH WHC-02BS - 40.d
WH WHC-02BS - 41.d
WH WHC-02BS - 42.d
WH WHC-02BS - 43.d
WH WHC-02BS - 44.d
WH WHC-02BS - 45.d
WH WHC-02BS - 46.d
WH WHC-02BS - 47.d
WH WHC-02BS - 48.d
WH WHC-02BS - 49.d
WH NIST 612 - 20.d
WH R10 - 10.d
WH WHC-02BS - 52.d
WH WHC-02BS - 53.d
WH WHC-02BS - 54.d
WH WHC-02BS - 55.d
WH WHC-02BS - 56.d
WH WHC-02BS - 57.d
WH WHC-02BS - 58.dHf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
38.3 208.2 559 4.3 300.6 63.3 5.55 0.01 0.61 126.5 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
33.32 133.7 302.2 2.8 228.4 45.3 0.089 0.03 0.00 94.8 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
33.23 150 329.1 1.5 234.6 45.3 0.096 0.02 0.00 98.9 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
35.08 174 301.2 2.45 227.2 44.4 0.088 0.04 0.02 100.5 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
21.9 172.2 411 13.3 153.4 38 9.73 0.01 0.17 58.7 4 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
33.99 190.5 519.7 2.45 262.8 50.7 0.017 0.06 0.00 114.2 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
32.22 275.4 472.8 1.35 290.3 57.3 0.018 0.07 0.01 129.5 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
33.9 242 321.7 1.75 209.9 40.6 0.154 0.03 0.14 89.4 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
49.8 276.8 337.4 1.6 190.3 39.2 13.2 0.01 23.90 78.1 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
31.75 444.7 589.7 2.25 216 42.6 0.218 0.05 0.02 95.1 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
33.97 209.4 481.7 1.45 225.4 43.5 0.042 0.01 0.14 96.9 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
33.22 163.3 301.4 1.85 217.8 42.6 0.013 0.02 0.00 97.2 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
34.82 562 472.8 2.2 256 51.1 0.014 0.07 0.00 112.4 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
35.58 193.3 273.9 1.7 280.8 54.9 0.0165 0.01 0.00 122.7 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
32.07 115.7 343.8 2.95 152.5 29.68 0.0165 0.04 0.02 65.8 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
36.1 285.8 238.6 1.8 217.7 43.6 0.022 0.04 0.02 95.2 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
39.51 337.9 195.4 1.95 245.6 48.4 0.013 0.05 0.00 108.8 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
31.7 178.3 285.4 2.85 205 40.3 0.046 0.03 0.01 88.9 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
27.55 131.8 329.8 2.75 232.5 45.4 0.043 0.05 0.02 96.9 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
39.5 223.1 504 4.6 321.1 67.7 4.33 0.02 0.29 135.6 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
33.28 167.2 316.1 2.35 205.8 40.03 0.015 0.04 0.01 90.9 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
33.63 125.4 297.9 1.55 203 39.3 0.041 0.03 0.04 90.3 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
32.57 211.9 302 1.6 212.1 41.04 0.203 0.04 0.01 90.1 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
33.3 139 300.5 2 200.9 39.76 0.0175 0.04 0.01 88.5 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
25.01 207.2 312.1 1.4 212 42.3 1.41 0.03 0.06 88.7 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
35.95 179.5 345 1.85 251.2 48.7 3.28 0.04 0.09 106.1 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
26.06 211.8 281.7 2 182.2 36.39 0.089 0.04 0.12 81.1 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
36.75 150.2 312 1.1 216.3 41.75 0.08 0.03 0.02 95.6 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
37.82 529.2 428.1 1.85 185.9 37.3 0.0185 0.05 0.02 83.1 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
30.69 197.5 292.1 1.7 186.4 37.19 0.083 0.05 0.01 79.7 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
35.76 201.7 326.7 1.85 304.8 60.4 0.544 0.01 0.00 127.8 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
31.99 119 538 2.4 241.8 49.9 2.95 0.05 0.06 92.6 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
35.59 137.1 254.8 1.5 205.8 40.7 0.0115 0.06 0.00 89.6 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
28.89 166.9 320.1 4.1 232.1 46.63 1.11 0.03 0.51 100.6 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
34.71 206.9 340.6 1.5 230.1 46.4 0.035 0.03 0.00 99.7 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
33.33 281.7 435.8 2.15 260.9 52.7 0.23 0.04 0.00 113.8 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
31.78 178.5 309.6 1.35 216.4 42.45 0.0155 0.05 0.00 94.2 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
30.15 166.8 235.9 1.7 203.3 41.9 2 0.01 0.05 91.4 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
37.68 355.6 405 2.15 277.8 55.7 0.087 0.05 0.01 119.7 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
32.85 221.9 571.3 1.5 244.1 47.5 0.0135 0.05 0.00 107.6 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
33.58 342.6 381.4 1.9 264 51.8 0.017 0.06 0.00 113.7 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
31 137.8 288.1 1.9 244.6 48.4 0.012 0.04 0.00 104.4 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
31.77 373.3 563 2.45 316.1 63 1.45 0.08 0.04 116.0 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
31.86 206.6 315.3 2.25 231.2 45.9 0.065 0.02 0.02 102.3 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
33.74 172.1 313.7 1.85 226.2 44.9 0.014 0.05 0.00 101.7 7 5 granulite Toodyay, YilgarnAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 379Appendix C Table 1 Page 133 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
WH WHC-02BS - 59.d 381.5 71.1 395 2.4 45 30.83 1038.1 3293 707 0.22 2.2 8.22 0.12 695.2 4272 12.02 126.7 0.73
WH WHC-03S - 1.d 350.6 9.64 415 2.3 65 42 1443 9152 101 0.125 2.33 8 0.09 747.3 1704 18.91 134 2.27
WH WHC-03S - 2.d 345.6 30.9 315 2.2 50 19.46 1021 2944 631 0.14 2.23 7.82 0.16 979 3712 7.27 118.8 0.96
WH WHC-03S - 3.d 343.7 13.2 500 2.4 50 40.7 487.8 11670 113 0.165 2.43 6.76 0.08 853 2808 28.60 87.9 0.96
WH WHC-03S - 4.d 354.3 153 850 3.1 690 54.17 1530 4011 280 0.157 2.42 8.95 1.12 982 3342 8.17 106.1 0.92
WH WHC-03S - 5.d 344.2 204 430 1.7 70 60.2 849.9 831 3912 0.82 5.53 10.3 0.12 671.9 6929 15.09 155.2 0.145
WH WHC-03S - 6.d 347 12.5 355 1.8 37 33.92 1356 4666 158 0.178 2.6 8.2 0.51 983 2280 5.48 117.6 1.4
WH WHC-03S - 7.d 351.5 14.2 405 2.4 46 48.16 1732 6504 126.9 0.17 2.54 8.24 0.09 857 3596 17.43 135.5 1.38
WH WHC-03S - 8.d 339.7 21.7 355 1.7 60 55.44 1681 6326 88.7 0.43 3.52 8.51 0.25 850 2339 23.10 146.6 1.14
WH WHC-03S - 9.d 346.3 8.18 240 1.1 50 53.43 1280 11130 154 0.075 2.5 8.95 0.10 723.5 1836 34.90 140.1 2.15
WH WHC-03S - 10.d 350 179 445 2.0 129 5.41 419.7 2088 1462 0.085 2.3 8.43 0.16 641.3 2580 28.10 90.9 1.44
WH WHC-03S - 11.d 347.2 8.6 620 2.4 50 37.1 1457 6952 120 0.065 2.49 7.55 2.52 1310 2783 9.40 70.7 2.17
WH WHC-03S - 12.d 348.2 264 1530 0.9 2300 62.5 1301 13120 142 0.415 2.34 13.1 31.10 1160 1686 37.80 104 3.45
WH WHC-03S - 13.d 350.8 50.9 290 2.2 48 6.45 648 999.2 1673 0.43 2.52 8.06 0.09 703.8 2597 13.54 98.6 1.05
WH WHC-03S - 14.d 350.8 34.8 355 1.8 55 5.92 873.3 2790 514 0.189 2.39 8.06 0.09 840 3280 17.75 67.6 2.63
WH WHC-03S - 15.d 354.6 19.1 280 1.9 60 57.76 1788 4305 5021 0.095 2.48 33.8 0.11 819.8 4078 39.00 127.4 2.04
WH WHC-03S - 16.d 345.6 79 890 1.0 590 43.94 1307 4964 147.7 0.23 2.53 7.47 0.17 696.7 3729 19.59 160.2 9.3
WH WHC-03S - 17.d 352.3 12.7 385 1.6 39 52.58 1512 9364 147 0.25 2.38 10.5 0.10 806.3 1718 22.70 144.6 1.32
WH WHC-03S - 18.d 344.5 17.5 415 1.7 55 27.89 547.7 12260 188 0.055 2.78 7.19 0.09 562 2302 36.60 152.2 11.52
WH WHC-03S - 19.d 345.4 48.4 350 2.6 330 64.1 1616 3316 810 0.145 2.52 7.69 0.12 710 3390 39.30 128.6 3.42
WH WHC-03 - 1.d 348.6 62.9 245 1.3 40 3.02 370.3 1621 1565 0.13 2.39 7.77 0.08 614.4 2847 6.18 70.8 1.65
WH WHC-03 - 2.d 349.5 21.3 400 2.5 43 49.01 1320.6 4317 202 0.3 2.78 7.22 0.20 724.5 4565 28.50 114.1 3.15
WH WHC-03 - 3.d 350.8 48.1 500 2.4 49 16.35 567.1 2387 771 0.105 2.56 7.71 0.09 902 3304 7.18 63.8 2.01
WH WHC-03 - 4.d 472 430 2340 1.9 2170 11.11 491.7 2778 1352 1.36 2.66 11.2 1.10 938.7 6271 6.12 71.7 2.31
WH WHC-03 - 5.d 353.1 146 1140 2.1 1280 48.61 1308 6245 63.8 0.24 2.23 7.79 0.35 728.7 3262 20.80 141.8 8.38
WH WHC-03 - 6.d 346.9 28.2 295 1.4 42 37.2 1150.8 3881 303 0.115 2.32 8.34 0.09 751 3642 23.90 101.1 1.61
WH WHC-03 - 7.d 350.7 116.5 250 3.0 55 40.34 853.1 1079 3820 0.12 2.41 7.38 0.10 674.4 6761 12.11 141.6 0.15
WH WHC-03 - 8.d 346.6 634 325 1.2 50 12.29 611.6 1805 2082 0.3 2.18 7.2 0.07 948.6 6274 5.48 103.3 1.09
WH WHC-03 - 9.d 377 215 1870 0.9 1370 48 1059 4991 246 0.29 2.63 11.1 0.76 687 3251 14.71 120.7 7.13
WH WHC-03 - 10.d 347.7 10.62 255 2.3 48.5 44.87 1675 7384 107 0.1 2.67 8.58 0.12 739.6 2291 24.10 134.6 1.89
WH WHC-03 - 11.d 345.2 20.9 300 1.3 39 37.58 1333 7661 86 0.145 2.38 7.81 0.76 935 2931 26.40 137.9 1.21
WH WHC-03 - 12.d 342.4 7.25 320 2.1 47.5 46.71 974.9 12211 119.9 0.11 2.99 11.5 0.11 595.4 1533 18.23 146 2.71
WH WHC-03 - 13.d 351.1 27.4 415 1.9 37.5 38.41 806.7 3718 541 0.19 2.76 7.76 1.61 1040 3166 6.73 132.6 2.44
WH WHC-03 - 14.d 344.5 12.91 790 2.3 65 33.71 1253 4815 205 0.181 2.57 8 0.12 748.1 3265 6.70 137.4 4.78
WH WHC-03 - 15.d 346.9 24.4 230 2.0 41 27.38 774.6 5231 316 0.23 2.29 8 0.13 945.3 2658 26.40 75.2 2.37
WH WHC-03 - 16.d 345.8 19.9 360 3.0 65 91.9 1669 5970 231.9 0.23 2.4 7.89 0.09 692.9 3060 36.80 98.7 2.9
WH WHC-03 - 17.d 343.9 28.9 960 1.9 93 62.1 1600 3322 599 0.22 2.41 7.95 0.44 729.8 2703 37.20 130.1 6.83
WH WHC-03 - 18.d 342.8 8.8 325 2.0 65 42.12 1299 11560 113 0.105 2.49 8.34 0.12 633 1201 24.30 136.8 3.39
WH WHC-03 - 19.d 348.8 8.45 250 2.3 47.5 41.69 1298 11400 121 0.205 2.53 7.35 0.11 710 1555 24.90 138.6 2.67
WH WHC-03 - 20.d 354 31.6 340 1.9 50 16.89 1202 1681 822 0.115 2.41 7.52 0.11 624.7 2957 13.72 104.2 1.45
WH WHC-03 - 21.d 349.6 163.9 300 2.0 55 17.35 705 2111 1848 0.095 2.39 8.48 0.11 927.2 6386 4.64 65.4 1.77
WH WHC-03 - 22.d 348.7 52.1 500 2.0 60 19.02 1108.8 649.3 1248 0.22 2.45 8.4 0.08 699.7 2617 12.78 94.1 0.39
WH WHC-03 - 23.d 355.1 37.8 390 2.1 46 27.8 1288 6781 183 0.21 2.22 7.74 0.08 969.9 1741 13.39 82.7 2.05
WH WHC-03 - 24.d 353 13.7 1500 2.2 40 37.9 1615 6457 166 0.08 2.32 7.02 14.40 4400 2390 13.33 84.3 1.19
WH WHC-03 - 25.d 344.2 63.3 360 2.5 40.5 6.51 365.3 1691 1492 0.13 2.38 8.05 0.08 649.3 3246 6.40 67.3 0.81380 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 134 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
WH WHC-02BS - 59.d
WH WHC-03S - 1.d
WH WHC-03S - 2.d
WH WHC-03S - 3.d
WH WHC-03S - 4.d
WH WHC-03S - 5.d
WH WHC-03S - 6.d
WH WHC-03S - 7.d
WH WHC-03S - 8.d
WH WHC-03S - 9.d
WH WHC-03S - 10.d
WH WHC-03S - 11.d
WH WHC-03S - 12.d
WH WHC-03S - 13.d
WH WHC-03S - 14.d
WH WHC-03S - 15.d
WH WHC-03S - 16.d
WH WHC-03S - 17.d
WH WHC-03S - 18.d
WH WHC-03S - 19.d
WH WHC-03 - 1.d
WH WHC-03 - 2.d
WH WHC-03 - 3.d
WH WHC-03 - 4.d
WH WHC-03 - 5.d
WH WHC-03 - 6.d
WH WHC-03 - 7.d
WH WHC-03 - 8.d
WH WHC-03 - 9.d
WH WHC-03 - 10.d
WH WHC-03 - 11.d
WH WHC-03 - 12.d
WH WHC-03 - 13.d
WH WHC-03 - 14.d
WH WHC-03 - 15.d
WH WHC-03 - 16.d
WH WHC-03 - 17.d
WH WHC-03 - 18.d
WH WHC-03 - 19.d
WH WHC-03 - 20.d
WH WHC-03 - 21.d
WH WHC-03 - 22.d
WH WHC-03 - 23.d
WH WHC-03 - 24.d
WH WHC-03 - 25.dHf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
34.81 224.2 240 3.05 268.3 53.1 0.178 0.03 0.04 112.1 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
35.56 65.67 555.3 2.75 477.3 93.9 0.011 0.02 0.00 225.0 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
51.02 239.1 293.2 1.75 291.2 56.3 0.64 0.01 0.11 123.7 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
38.86 168.5 404.6 1.65 304.9 59.1 0.055 0.01 0.00 135.7 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
48.76 287.9 195.1 2 260.9 50.8 1.54 0.02 0.04 121.3 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
36.42 1095 464.7 7.6 302.4 61.5 5.21 0.05 0.00 109.2 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
48.4 133.2 365.8 2 268.9 51.7 0.427 0.01 0.12 118.0 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
46.08 230.8 260.5 2.05 269.3 53.3 0.033 0.01 0.01 118.8 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
41.09 121 304.5 2.05 334.7 67.3 1.26 0.01 0.07 145.3 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
35.64 67.61 304.1 1.9 404.9 77.9 0.104 0.01 0.00 178.7 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
30.13 100.13 368.8 1.75 226.8 43.81 0.194 0.08 0.01 99.1 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
57.7 213.3 392.7 1.85 345 67.3 1.24 0.01 0.36 144.8 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
47.3 263.1 329.3 6.5 436.5 88.5 3.5 0.04 0.70 196.1 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
35.16 117.1 309.3 1.45 217.3 42.6 0.012 0.04 0.00 99.2 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
39.54 200.9 465.2 1.75 251.4 49.5 0.0195 0.02 0.00 110.4 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
40.78 367.9 534.6 1.75 319.7 61.4 0.042 0.01 0.01 138.2 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
39.64 165 954.5 2.4 271.4 53.1 1.35 0.02 0.03 116.7 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
39.82 116.1 680 1.75 457 89.5 0.098 0.01 0.02 198.3 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
30.18 306 1463 1.25 540 105.1 0.66 0.02 0.00 220.7 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
33.13 260.8 340.6 2.1 296.3 56.9 0.174 0.02 0.01 130.6 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
30.85 229.9 329.1 1.55 228.6 43.6 0.079 0.04 0.00 97.4 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
41.6 508.3 697.4 2.15 269 52.7 0.82 0.01 0.48 115.4 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
42.04 195.2 360.7 2 249.9 48.2 0.014 0.03 0.00 110.2 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
46.52 393.2 527 2.45 248.5 49.6 1.3 0.02 0.14 106.3 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
40.21 236.8 730.5 1.6 308.5 59.9 0.96 0.01 0.09 131.5 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
38.52 272.7 403 1.65 279.5 54.5 0.427 0.01 0.01 120.0 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
36.81 1167 460 1.35 250.8 48.53 0.013 0.06 0.00 110.4 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
49.77 170.5 768 1.3 267.7 52 0.0195 0.06 0.00 115.5 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
36.32 277.1 701 4.75 342 67.2 13.2 0.02 36.00 139.9 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
34.32 172.7 249.2 1.7 323.2 62.8 0.0155 0.01 0.00 143.1 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
45.8 245.9 262 2 361.3 70.6 0.096 0.01 0.25 154.8 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
31.17 76.41 570.8 1.75 551.7 108 0.0265 0.03 0.00 233.3 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
46.6 165.1 456 2.05 227.4 46.6 2.39 0.01 0.28 98.9 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
42.11 279.4 263.1 2.45 168.9 32.6 0.071 0.01 0.11 77.7 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
40.99 83.09 1050.9 2.35 359.4 70.9 0.018 0.01 0.00 161.0 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
34.07 259 457.1 1.75 277.6 53 0.113 0.02 0.02 121.2 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
36.55 130.7 686.7 2.1 306.3 61.3 1.06 0.01 0.04 137.8 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
32.04 79.1 903 1.4 466 91.6 0.068 0.02 0.00 200.9 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
32.79 38.62 585.1 2.4 491 97 0.086 0.01 0.00 220.4 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
35.45 314.5 396 2.2 280 53.2 0.0135 0.01 0.00 119.6 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
48.9 245.1 841.7 1.75 216.3 42.02 0.0085 0.04 0.00 97.7 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
36.42 215.1 356.7 1.7 227.6 45.5 1.34 0.04 0.01 101.0 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
44.97 185.5 337.5 1.45 312.5 60.7 0.261 0.03 0.01 136.6 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
142 203.9 320.6 1.55 383 74.7 0.51 0.01 1.40 166.7 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
33.25 219.2 348.1 1.95 223.1 44.1 0.0115 0.04 0.00 103.5 7 5 granulite Toodyay, YilgarnAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 381Appendix C Table 1 Page 135 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
WH WHC-03 - 26.d 348.6 50.8 320 1.9 37 2.54 243.9 2042 1416 0.14 2.16 7.37 0.09 752.2 2963 3.94 95.1 0.79
WH WHC-03 - 27.d 347.8 9.68 345 2.3 41 30.3 1344 10150 90.8 0.07 2.81 8.93 0.12 769.7 2313 31.90 143.5 1.95
WH WHC-03 - 28.d 386.9 329.7 2030 2.2 1851 48.44 1636 4112 208 0.43 3.09 10.44 4.52 1280 2863 4.77 142.8 1.46
WH WHC-03 - 29.d 347.5 336 2070 1.8 1870 19.98 1371 5062 183 0.12 2.37 7.88 0.25 943 2759 13.45 78.8 2.16
WH WHC-03 - 30.d 348.1 45.4 540 1.7 630 16.17 2142 8010 79 0.09 2.95 9.44 0.11 725.7 3420 42.30 97.3 4.76
WH WHC-03 - 31.d 357.4 163 970 1.6 440 44.18 1600.7 5228 105.2 0.27 3.16 10.6 0.36 904 2051 13.78 132.3 1.69
WH WHC-03 - 32.d 353.7 100 250 2.4 45 5.77 560.6 660.4 1996 0.075 2.34 7.87 0.26 541.2 2663 13.49 94.8 3.51
WH WHC-03 - 33.d 353.2 21.3 310 1.8 47 43.93 1324 10111 3000 0.055 2.31 21.9 0.10 616.5 2395 45.70 141.3 2.57
WH WHC-03 - 34.d 348.2 41.3 365 2.1 189 43.7 1519 5673 113.1 0.201 2.2 8.08 0.22 790 3399 7.40 142.1 1.75
WH WHC-03 - 35.d 345.2 11.5 220 3.3 50 26.74 1455 6728 149 0.085 2.25 8.19 0.07 988.1 2159 13.97 79.8 0.92
WH WHC-03 - 36.d 353.4 225 640 2.2 1139 45.58 1612 6881 150 0.26 2.14 6.74 0.13 716.1 2368 5.33 138.1 2.1
WH WHC-03 - 37.d 353.9 216 1810 2.2 1890 31.34 1265 7935 95.3 0.07 2.61 8.3 0.73 740.4 3647 16.78 134.4 1.54
WH WHC-03 - 38.d 351.6 14.7 355 1.6 45.5 46.97 1790 7174 222 0.47 2.73 11.8 0.22 889 2542 26.12 134 1.74
WH WHC-03 - 39.d 355.8 197 1570 1.4 1990 28.62 901.1 14110 85.9 0.1 2.46 11.86 8.77 652.3 1239.8 41.60 68.5 5.32
WH WHC-03 - 40.d 363.9 147 780 1.9 810 38.12 1427 4717 131 0.155 2.28 8.43 0.82 1025.8 2960 6.53 118.8 0.83
WH WHC-03 - 41.d 352.9 63.3 240 2.6 55 17.99 680 1549 1161 0.09 2.28 8.09 1.57 1290 2890 8.08 116.8 1.02
WH WHC-03 - 42.d 348.9 19.1 1250 1.6 65 43.85 1396 7646 50 0.095 2.42 8.84 0.11 662.8 2536 16.80 142.1 2.3
WH WHC-03 - 43.d 353.8 85 940 1.4 870 40.8 1869 5107 149 0.115 2.51 8.19 71.00 768.4 5035 18.81 132.9 0.72
WH WHC-03 - 44.d 354.3 77 660 1.6 131 33.11 1341 8085 95.6 0.28 3.04 10.1 0.14 676.3 2224 10.95 141.5 2.32
WH WHC-03 - 45.d 348.5 134 3200 1.8 720 31.8 1187 6045 148 0.5 4.42 16.2 53.00 6500 2216 7.24 91.4 4.58
WH WHC-03 - 46.d 345.9 25.4 445 1.9 45 40.05 1221 4350 507 0.09 2.54 7.87 0.13 782 4252 8.92 115.6 3.97
WH WHC-03 - 47.d 354.7 124 780 1.2 610 49.3 1463 5209 136.3 0.12 2.9 7.91 1.02 1040 1963 9.07 142.8 0.51
WH WHC-03 - 48.d 390 75.8 350 3.1 55 22.47 1195 1757 919 1.55 5 8.59 0.07 718.7 2686 13.44 115.3 0.86
WH WHC-03 - 49.d 531 320 1200 1.7 41 49.96 1232 5338 293 1.25 2.41 8.2 0.15 759.9 2599 16.95 136.8 5.96
WH WHC-03 - 50.d 340.9 9.9 310 1.4 40 43.32 1227 11338 135 0.82 2.87 9.33 0.17 622.7 2336 23.97 146.8 2.6
WH WHC-03 - 51.d 349.8 7.51 440 2.0 50 42.14 1457 7235 81.6 0.22 2.45 7.79 0.09 810.5 2408 8.56 134.3 1.89
WH WHC-03 - 52.d 353.1 93.3 750 2.2 410 8.37 446.5 2377 902 0.28 2.66 7.56 0.24 912.3 3270 9.76 65.4 2.97
WH WHC-03 - 53.d 363.6 3900 8800 1.3 3900 38 1219 4663 630 0.52 4.08 10.8 0.45 664 5711 10.80 170.2 2.17
WH WHC-03 - 54.d 395 214 275 0.3 46.5 8.77 518 1541 2398 0.57 2.19 8.69 0.13 793.4 5525 6.28 67.3 4.61
WH WHC-03 - 55.d 427 337 2740 2.4 3430 8.53 520.9 1492 2062 1.37 2.47 28.3 13.70 858 5579 4.95 64.2 3.41
WH TIG - 13.d 349.8 9.1 405 2.3 50 53.86 1833 4497 117.2 0.095 2.69 8.59 0.16 765.7 2639 18.36 147.2 2.12
WH R10 - 1.d 435 740 2010 1.2 45 15.57 907 1788 1176 0.98 7.71 11.6 1.78 733 2608 13.90 52.3 3.67
WH WHC-03 - 58.d 355.8 198 1120 1.6 960 31.66 798.3 4149 501 0.105 2.75 9.46 1.54 754 5423 5.40 70.5 3.4
WH WHC-03 - 59.d 350.1 9.9 325 1.5 60 73.6 2682 6014 75 0.105 2.45 7.43 0.13 685 761 29.70 141.6 2.21
WH WHC-03 - 60.d 347.1 31.7 390 2.2 55 48.8 1668 5126 124 0.08 2.72 8.2 0.11 997 2502 15.93 147.7 0.92
WH WHC-03 - 61.d 344.6 15.8 355 1.8 46.5 14.72 793 6070 259 0.05 2.3 7.66 0.12 775 2319 9.85 63.8 2.71
WH WHC-03 - 62.d 350 63.6 265 2.5 44 4.04 847.7 1295 2183 0.54 2.81 8.12 0.10 695.8 4833 12.68 122.1 0.276
WH WHC-03 - 63.d 358 735 345 2.1 43.5 9.77 590 1912 1968 0.19 2.42 7 0.09 992.2 6605 6.37 101.9 1.52
WH WHC-03 - 64.d 346.5 15.9 310 1.7 40 29.57 1172.5 5311 312 0.07 2.2 7.82 0.19 621 3091 10.99 119.9 9.8
WH WHC-03 - 65.d 507 3170 10100 2.1 1130 27.62 1188 5092 379 2.64 6.3 143 4.30 1560 2280 7.39 88.4 5.94
WH WHC-03 - 66.d 348.7 28.6 700 2.1 82 33.71 1362 5367 215 0.075 2.59 7.32 5.00 579 3065 24.60 122.9 4.03
WH WHC-03 - 67.d 353.6 6.96 395 1.9 44.5 34.03 1348.2 8469 74.9 0.095 2.33 7.37 0.20 817.6 2829 35.00 136.8 1.34
WH WHC-03 - 68.d 350.2 7.99 235 2.4 39 35.39 1597 7901 89.9 0.115 2.59 6.84 0.11 820.5 2260 22.40 132.2 1.36
WH WHC-03 - 69.d 355.3 104 750 2.5 430 40.68 899.6 2883 777 0.065 2.45 8.13 0.12 937.4 5065 9.03 164.4 3.42
WH WHC-03 - 70.d 350.5 13.7 340 1.6 41.5 50 1867 7216 74.6 0.135 2.51 7.4 0.09 851 2860 26.80 142.1 1.03382 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 136 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
WH WHC-03 - 26.d
WH WHC-03 - 27.d
WH WHC-03 - 28.d
WH WHC-03 - 29.d
WH WHC-03 - 30.d
WH WHC-03 - 31.d
WH WHC-03 - 32.d
WH WHC-03 - 33.d
WH WHC-03 - 34.d
WH WHC-03 - 35.d
WH WHC-03 - 36.d
WH WHC-03 - 37.d
WH WHC-03 - 38.d
WH WHC-03 - 39.d
WH WHC-03 - 40.d
WH WHC-03 - 41.d
WH WHC-03 - 42.d
WH WHC-03 - 43.d
WH WHC-03 - 44.d
WH WHC-03 - 45.d
WH WHC-03 - 46.d
WH WHC-03 - 47.d
WH WHC-03 - 48.d
WH WHC-03 - 49.d
WH WHC-03 - 50.d
WH WHC-03 - 51.d
WH WHC-03 - 52.d
WH WHC-03 - 53.d
WH WHC-03 - 54.d
WH WHC-03 - 55.d
WH TIG - 13.d
WH R10 - 1.d
WH WHC-03 - 58.d
WH WHC-03 - 59.d
WH WHC-03 - 60.d
WH WHC-03 - 61.d
WH WHC-03 - 62.d
WH WHC-03 - 63.d
WH WHC-03 - 64.d
WH WHC-03 - 65.d
WH WHC-03 - 66.d
WH WHC-03 - 67.d
WH WHC-03 - 68.d
WH WHC-03 - 69.d
WH WHC-03 - 70.dHf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
36.05 234.9 313.4 2.5 219.2 42.4 0.0135 0.04 0.00 98.3 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
38.47 244.5 237.2 1.85 372 73.8 1.36 0.02 0.01 144.8 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
58.2 334.6 301.2 8.3 296 64 31.7 0.01 57.00 125.4 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
46.66 249.3 405.5 2.15 279.1 54.6 0.275 0.08 0.00 125.8 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
38.3 165 1342 4.6 418.3 82.4 4 0.02 0.00 177.2 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
43.6 176.2 303.5 6 307.6 65.3 6.3 0.05 0.02 129.0 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
28.55 209.1 308 1.95 205.4 40.3 0.032 0.05 0.06 90.9 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
32.02 143.9 522.3 1.7 361.6 71.3 0.246 0.02 0.01 157.7 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
44.18 292.2 295.1 1.65 211.2 42.3 0.71 0.01 0.12 92.4 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
46.89 132.2 347.3 2.05 351.4 67.8 0.01 0.01 0.00 153.0 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
36.83 119.6 372.3 1.9 328.4 64.6 0.147 0.11 0.01 151.9 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
39.4 309.3 396.4 1.85 334.7 65.1 0.586 0.07 0.01 142.5 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
43.27 179.2 353 2.25 329.7 66.2 1.67 0.01 0.00 146.5 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
34.48 164.6 1337 21.2 492 113.9 16.2 0.03 0.02 211.8 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
46.36 153 274.6 2.05 281.8 55.5 0.253 0.08 0.08 131.9 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
53.6 181.5 315.8 2.3 232.1 44.8 0.232 0.04 0.24 101.2 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
36.85 268.7 308.1 3.2 268.3 51.4 0.29 0.01 0.04 117.3 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
40.04 398.7 282.6 1.85 348.1 69.4 2.14 0.02 0.92 154.6 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
33.86 83.5 404 2.75 364 72.1 1.77 0.02 0.00 148.3 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
211 229.3 478.9 14.8 222 54.3 13.09 0.02 8.60 91.8 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
43.86 183 306.2 2.1 145.2 28.09 0.086 0.02 0.13 62.3 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
46.8 136.6 281.4 2.05 318.4 62.4 1.77 0.02 0.43 139.9 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
33.32 125.2 585 1.6 279 57.1 2.88 0.02 0.00 101.5 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
39.54 186.1 926 1.55 305.7 61.4 0.67 0.02 0.07 137.4 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
33.13 242.1 497.3 1.95 529 104.9 2.07 0.02 0.03 221.4 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
41.48 163.4 427.3 1.7 359.1 69 0.0125 0.02 0.00 163.1 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
46.27 154.5 761 1.8 268.4 53.2 1.18 0.06 0.27 113.9 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
36.2 924 1390 5.6 239 51.3 5.3 0.23 0.18 103.4 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
47 487 537.9 2.2 108 22.11 0.92 0.04 0.27 45.3 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
47.76 506.3 557 2.4 125 25.61 0.98 0.01 0.63 57.8 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
42 97.4 319.1 1.35 241.4 47.67 1.42 0.01 0.46 103.3 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
33.6 218.9 651 57.6 278.1 103.5 60.3 0.03 0.84 96.9 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
39.9 732.6 484.6 38.4 230.3 72.4 35.3 0.02 0.28 84.5 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
37.18 56.4 342.8 2.35 437.6 86.8 0.267 0.02 0.18 198.3 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
45.64 112.8 344.9 1.55 310 63.1 2.52 0.02 0.00 130.4 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
44.28 116.6 274.9 2.15 198.2 38 0.115 0.01 0.11 88.6 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
36.46 1103 483.7 1.85 264.9 51.6 0.033 0.04 0.00 118.0 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
50.59 289.2 795 1.6 269.9 53 0.029 0.06 0.00 116.8 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
36.35 232 313.7 1.6 224.9 43.5 0.48 0.01 0.05 100.2 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
65.7 130.6 636 25.9 302 77 23.9 0.02 0.55 121.1 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
35.38 133.9 867 2.1 254.6 48.6 0.458 0.01 0.29 117.3 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
38.75 239.4 309.9 1.95 335.8 66.1 0.015 0.01 0.01 152.6 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
40.21 144 361.9 1.65 346 66.8 0.02 0.01 0.00 153.9 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
44.44 164.8 589.1 2.1 315.6 62.4 0.128 0.09 0.01 146.1 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
42 155.9 302.3 2 336.2 65.8 0.086 0.01 0.03 148.3 7 5 granulite Toodyay, YilgarnAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 383Appendix C Table 1 Page 137 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
WH WHC-03 - 71.d 355.1 35.7 335 1.3 159 35.43 1261.9 8158 75 0.2 3.08 9.69 0.15 704 2320 9.91 132.3 2.27
WH WHC-03 - 72.d 346.3 17.3 300 1.8 70 46.84 1684 5403 226 0.25 2.36 8.62 0.25 999.1 3399 10.59 144.1 1.18
WH WHC-03 - 73.d 354.2 28.7 170 2.5 169 22.64 1096 4584 182 0.095 2.61 8.03 0.27 794.9 2815 5.13 60.7 2.43
WH WHC-03 - 74.d 345.2 22.1 305 1.3 60 34.58 1773 7032 118 0.165 3.37 8.02 0.10 756.7 3820 40.30 133 1.6
WH WHC-03 - 75.d 349.7 167.7 265 2.1 50 5.55 349.4 2481 1422 0.12 2.46 8.51 0.09 976.1 4409 7.32 62.4 1.8
WH TIG - 14.d 350.2 93 550 1.7 65 99.3 1622 6083 214 0.13 2.43 7.81 0.09 928.3 2598 39.50 113.4 1.41
WH WHC-03 - 77.d 357.5 81 600 2.3 570 40.11 2361 10164 172 2.48 3.29 10.2 0.23 570 2739 25.40 145.1 3.03
WH WHC-03 - 78.d 351.8 81.2 175 1.9 50 14 585.6 1474 1334 0.23 2.44 8.02 0.10 1031.6 3746 9.40 73.1 0.9
WH WHC-03 - 79.d 347.5 13.3 355 2.2 44.5 46.43 1521 6000 210 0.075 2.39 7.46 0.08 803 2375 12.85 89.3 2.14
WH R10 - 2.d 354.7 3.06 300 1.7 39.5 48.95 1368 12540 166 0.085 1.97 8.14 0.10 586.2 1386 19.18 139.9 2.84
WH WHC-03 - 81.d 349.3 15.02 275 2.1 47 13.24 507 9760 216 0.1 2.35 13.8 0.11 787.5 1631 39.90 74.3 4.8
WH WHC-03 - 82.d 351.1 52.8 255 1.7 36.5 12.95 815.7 3032 1019 0.125 2.3 8.91 0.09 891.3 2062 26.43 66.9 1.85
WH WHC-03 - 83.d 355.9 159.1 690 1.5 1009 16.8 717.1 1783 1580 0.09 2.55 8.09 0.21 959.3 5652 6.15 67.8 1.78
WH WHC-03 - 84.d 353.5 38.6 230 2.2 113 25.36 795 8085 236 0.075 2.43 7.83 0.81 613.3 1333 19.10 147.1 12.5
WH WHC-03 - 85.d 420 1120 3290 2.6 2040 44.99 1538 5598 392 1.07 2.4 8.72 13.50 1640 3151 11.10 143.8 1.36
WH WHC-03 - 86.d 378.7 1900 8550 1.7 10500 59 1185.7 3763 413 0.39 4.25 8.42 3.28 652.9 4507 7.53 163.2 2.39
WH WHC-03 - 87.d 352.6 12.7 245 1.5 43.5 68.4 966 15450 124 0.24 3.43 10.8 4.29 595 1977 40.30 151.4 5.72
WH WHC-03 - 88.d 358.4 24.5 325 2.0 36.5 27.99 1063.3 5779 231 0.032 2.27 8.48 0.10 758 5692 26.60 97.4 1.28
WH WHC-03 - 89.d 355.9 31.6 270 1.8 37 30.91 1177.1 4249 390 0.161 2.26 8.47 0.11 750.8 5847 21.13 102.2 1.72
WH WHC-03 - 90.d 350.1 28.2 290 2.5 45 36.77 1561 6914 273 0.49 2.74 8.24 3.90 1880 7288 11.13 136.9 1.51
WH WHC-03 - 91.d 363.7 184 345 2.0 33 30.13 1273 6611 130 0.12 2.54 8.74 0.15 981.1 2237 13.49 83.5 1.46
WH WHC-03 - 92.d 355.3 28 470 1.5 55 55.96 1807 4361 2455 1 4.08 40.3 0.18 842.7 3658 37.40 138.4 3.27
WH WHC-03 - 93.d 353.8 15.7 365 1.9 65 46.46 1443 6021 156 0.124 2.93 9.04 0.73 614 3454 17.30 146.9 1.25
WH WHC-03 - 94.d 352.9 258 610 1.8 287 9.6 467.2 2321 1313 0.22 2.68 8.44 0.15 987.3 4386 10.30 100 0.94
WH WHC-03 - 95.d 355.3 123.9 265 1.6 264 48.43 1091.1 1828 1395 0.23 2.68 7.71 0.11 764 6046 19.21 152.4 1.91
WH TIG - 15.d 800 760 4270 2.3 2790 37.5 1699 4516 630 10.7 6.4 20.4 0.84 606.1 2605 7.17 111.6 4.62
WH WHC-03 - 97.d 362.9 227 670 1.9 45.5 5.06 353.8 2094 973 0.165 2.8 7.82 0.28 554.3 2578 6.02 61 2.62
WH WHC-03 - 98.d 356.5 62.8 310 2.2 287 13.47 1238 9186 206 0.2 2.69 24.5 0.24 734.9 1407 27.90 112.6 3.73
WH WHC-03 - 99.d 363.2 440 2000 2.0 55 50.45 1239 4491 225 0.17 2.25 7.5 0.10 596.6 3118 24.00 138.9 9.44
WH WHC-03 - 100.d 357.1 43.9 255 2.2 272 49.6 1181 8680 168 0.09 2.73 8.89 0.51 713.9 2343 16.80 150.5 1.6
WH WHC-03 - 101.d 362.3 32.2 245 1.3 112 40.91 1523 9419 174 0.59 4.07 9.71 0.23 610.9 3010 25.40 148.1 2.2
WH WHC-03 - 102.d 369.7 91 335 2.2 570 38.95 1283.1 7754 110 0.23 2.44 9.35 0.32 857.5 3025 7.35 141.3 1.41
WH WHC-03 - 103.d 349 35.5 320 2.0 38 47.84 1118.9 4323 711 0.177 2.25 8.15 0.72 1020 7497 9.85 123.6 5.22
WH R10 - 3.d 358.4 107 980 1.1 640 45.7 1051.7 3919 210.8 0.29 3.43 8.63 0.18 628.4 2438 11.47 163.6 8.23
WH WHC-03 - 105.d 358 48 245 1.3 47 39.69 1610 2926 399 0.187 3.09 8.45 0.21 964 2154 11.07 88.7 0.89
WH WHC-03 - 106.d 371 258 375 3.1 65 4.09 353 1349 5620 8.1 18 37.5 0.95 447 8670 4.47 24.1 2.4
WH WHC-03 - 107.d 354.3 12 280 1.7 50 61.6 2262 4606 102.6 0.25 2.93 8.67 0.12 729.6 1228 23.46 143.4 1.5
WH WHC-03 - 108.d 374.7 174 1590 2.2 970 45.6 1283 3965 670 0.56 2.53 15.9 6.10 1500 4739 12.73 105.5 3.26
WH WHC-03 - 109.d 357 103.1 280 3.0 55 4.64 413.4 2031 1422 0.095 2.43 7.3 0.11 993 4117 7.57 69 2.03
WH WHC-03 - 110.d 353 10.8 315 1.8 34 45.53 1115.9 8318 86 0.16 2.42 8.33 0.20 646.8 1894 6.85 153.9 1.94
WH WHC-03 - 111.d 354.7 60.5 960 3.0 620 38.26 573.4 9951 118 0.14 2.38 7.89 1.88 640.7 2786 17.83 278.7 5.1
WH WHC-03 - 112.d 387.1 242 280 1.9 46.5 10.97 461.1 3429 1478 0.11 2.41 7.35 77.00 648.4 6809 11.05 107 1.13
WH WHC-03 - 113.d 362.2 42.3 255 1.7 47 7.36 780.5 2127 868 0.33 2.75 8.07 0.25 588.9 2850 7.28 87.6 2.03
174662 174662M - 1.d 870 1060 4900 2.0 2480 2.78 111.1 210.5 6230 2.02 12.1 12.4 2.36 85.43 12430 1.13 30.31 0.175
174662 174662M - 2.d 502 23700 32000 6.0 33000 7.7 72 46.5 10400 0.29 11.1 8.37 28.90 202.7 8250 2.44 29.7 0.33384 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 138 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
WH WHC-03 - 71.d
WH WHC-03 - 72.d
WH WHC-03 - 73.d
WH WHC-03 - 74.d
WH WHC-03 - 75.d
WH TIG - 14.d
WH WHC-03 - 77.d
WH WHC-03 - 78.d
WH WHC-03 - 79.d
WH R10 - 2.d
WH WHC-03 - 81.d
WH WHC-03 - 82.d
WH WHC-03 - 83.d
WH WHC-03 - 84.d
WH WHC-03 - 85.d
WH WHC-03 - 86.d
WH WHC-03 - 87.d
WH WHC-03 - 88.d
WH WHC-03 - 89.d
WH WHC-03 - 90.d
WH WHC-03 - 91.d
WH WHC-03 - 92.d
WH WHC-03 - 93.d
WH WHC-03 - 94.d
WH WHC-03 - 95.d
WH TIG - 15.d
WH WHC-03 - 97.d
WH WHC-03 - 98.d
WH WHC-03 - 99.d
WH WHC-03 - 100.d
WH WHC-03 - 101.d
WH WHC-03 - 102.d
WH WHC-03 - 103.d
WH R10 - 3.d
WH WHC-03 - 105.d
WH WHC-03 - 106.d
WH WHC-03 - 107.d
WH WHC-03 - 108.d
WH WHC-03 - 109.d
WH WHC-03 - 110.d
WH WHC-03 - 111.d
WH WHC-03 - 112.d
WH WHC-03 - 113.d
174662 174662M - 1.d
174662 174662M - 2.dHf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
36.34 166 463 2.3 339.3 67.2 1.54 0.01 1.22 146.8 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
46.9 219.4 237.1 4.8 322.4 66.2 3.18 0.02 0.10 134.8 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
39.3 80.04 301.1 3.8 199.3 40.21 1.61 0.01 0.14 88.9 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
42.26 154.1 331.5 1.95 415 80.7 0.31 0.01 0.00 181.0 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
49.35 359.7 543.3 1.4 269.2 52.6 0.012 0.04 0.01 120.2 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
40.71 150.6 683.7 1.95 345.3 68.7 0.83 0.01 0.00 152.4 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
28.53 226.2 274.1 2.45 333.9 66.7 2.59 0.01 0.04 134.4 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
47.61 179.1 566 2.1 274.7 55.5 0.158 0.05 0.00 124.6 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
38.44 233.2 282.7 2.95 333.3 65.3 0.024 0.01 0.00 147.8 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
29.51 77.5 588.5 1.6 559 109.3 0.0205 0.02 0.00 233.2 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
38.4 49.99 989 1.95 439.3 86.5 0.0155 0.01 0.00 189.9 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
40.09 111.5 359.4 1.6 260.9 50.7 0.032 0.03 0.00 109.1 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
48.23 301.5 487 2.15 265.4 51.7 0.651 0.05 0.05 112.5 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
31.75 54.3 296.3 1.95 330.7 65.4 1.1 0.01 0.11 136.8 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
65.6 302.1 316.2 3.5 304.4 61 1.97 0.03 0.81 128.8 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
37.26 368 830.7 2.5 201.4 40.9 1.8 0.04 0.19 81.6 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
30.78 222.8 482.9 23.3 570 128.5 24.3 0.02 0.33 194.4 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
40.33 488.2 636 1.8 315.7 62.4 0.035 0.01 0.00 136.8 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
38.63 439.9 378.5 1.5 285.2 56.5 0.073 0.01 0.01 118.5 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
69.7 486.3 431.7 1.55 348 68.7 1.94 0.01 0.63 139.4 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
48.36 241.4 379.2 1.75 332.4 67.1 3.15 0.02 0.01 140.0 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
39.2 217.8 489 31.6 374.7 100.4 32.2 0.02 0.45 138.4 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
33.6 206 488 2.35 274.7 57.2 4.35 0.02 0.73 109.7 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
50.53 207.7 652 2.05 273.8 53.8 0.257 0.09 0.06 117.7 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
42.15 577.5 596.7 2.15 227.5 45.17 0.308 0.08 0.07 98.0 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
34.38 244.6 593 31.7 235 72.9 34.9 0.02 0.74 72.5 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
29.04 195.3 286.7 1.9 212.7 43.2 1.87 0.04 0.08 92.1 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
38.04 84.93 892 2.15 414.1 80.4 0.806 0.02 0.15 179.3 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
33.96 309.2 748 1.8 249.8 51.8 2.5 0.02 0.01 106.4 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
35.66 191.7 507 2.4 409.3 84.6 4.05 0.02 1.08 175.1 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
32.4 301.9 552 7.5 394 80.8 6 0.02 0.20 149.6 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
43.82 214.2 331.6 15.4 363 78.7 12.7 0.03 0.09 148.2 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
46 521.7 603.6 2.1 244.9 48 0.191 0.01 0.09 104.0 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
34.12 311.7 838.4 1.5 221 43.5 0.81 0.01 0.04 91.5 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
46.43 128.6 282.1 1.45 276.4 55.6 1.55 0.02 0.06 115.3 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
27.1 669 568 68 183 67 45 0.01 0.34 64.6 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
36.25 67.06 383.8 1.6 395.3 80.2 1.09 0.01 0.00 164.1 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
57.6 525.3 691 10.6 285 65.8 12.2 0.02 2.57 111.9 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
46.24 205.4 469.9 1.4 277.6 54.5 0.0175 0.05 0.00 116.3 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
32.49 158.3 375.6 2.1 352 70 2.55 0.01 0.58 145.3 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
32.75 233.2 1135 5.1 525.9 106.8 4.08 0.02 0.00 223.9 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
34.09 478.3 532.9 9.7 319 68.7 9.8 0.01 2.89 126.2 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
30.32 195.6 314.3 4.1 198 42.3 4.33 0.03 0.06 84.3 7 5 granulite Toodyay, Yilgarn
4.99 470 65.4 2 1.84 1.58 1.95 0.00 0.64 0.2 1 3 granophyre Musgrave Province
6.12 176.3 470 4.25 6.18 5.11 6.25 0.00 7.20 0.8 1 3 granophyre Musgrave ProvinceAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 385Appendix C Table 1 Page 139 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number Mg Al Si S Ca Sc V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb
174662 174662M - 3.d 407 391 1030 2.8 142 2.75 131.9 102.1 3526 0.5 12.2 11.3 0.28 11.95 6790 0.83 20.06 0.17
174662 174662M - 4.d 345.4 1070 16500 2.0 20000 2.3 142.8 173.9 3661 0.06 2.64 9.51 6.12 54.5 8530 0.67 25.35 0.18
174662 174662M - 5.d 361.9 487 12500 3.4 14800 1.43 119.9 272.4 3520 0.38 21.1 10.59 39.40 14.15 1755 0.65 29.1 0.16
174662 174662M - 6.d 361.4 291 11100 2.3 10400 3.95 141.6 166.4 3418 0.105 4.03 9.02 9.90 25.43 6519 1.37 38.8 0.13
174662 174662M - 7.d 354 425 1230 5.4 294 1.91 300.5 201.8 2242 0.16 5.45 9.79 15.70 96.5 3920 0.17 29.4 0.23
174662 174662M - 8.d 384.4 4700 6500 1.7 5800 3.67 124.4 298.1 5450 0.3 7.23 9.69 5.00 71 8880 0.44 24.6 0.15
174662 174662M - 9.d 361.3 1860 6830 2.6 7300 1.13 141.9 221 2920 0.13 7.33 9.95 2.72 8.91 4697 0.65 20.06 0.12
192531 1925312Z - 2.d 464 94 2100 3.0 65 6.55 3196 1714 1172 0.59 2.62 9.12 69.00 3072 2843 300.90 14.55 0.105
192531 1925312Z - 3.d 347.8 7.11 940 1.8 44 13.9 2573 1854 2091 0.07 2.44 7.94 0.81 5400 4148 304.20 3.72 0.09
192531 1925312Z - 5.d 425 98 1740 2.5 47.5 12.15 2455 1298.8 1665 0.34 5.43 8.97 3.80 5170 2209 268.40 22.79 0.12
192531 1925312Z - 6.d 349.6 24.4 1420 1.5 50 13.56 2614 1010 3427 0.169 2.62 9.66 0.15 5050 3524 368.70 4.54 0.08
195673 195673M - 1.d 499 5470 20100 4.6 417 60.9 28.09 24.5 18780 2.23 26.7 29.2 293.70 52.1 25500 1.88 8420 52.2
195673 195673M - 2.d 13200 120000 341000 9.6 770 119 32 15.5 57000 3.46 55.7 80 457.00 416 28810 4.28 6220 41.4
195673 195673M - 3.d 512 2640 5800 4.7 190 56 31.54 33.5 17560 4.37 26.7 17 90.10 31.42 24020 0.72 18540 48.8
195673 195673M - 4.d 441 1810 5930 1.8 70 59.51 34.05 2.97 15100 3.44 4.08 11.6 72.10 39.2 21640 1.02 13180 42.2
195673 195673M - 5.d 416 3890 16000 2.2 684 49.8 28.24 3.03 21980 2.1 5.94 17.4 1284.00 178.9 38960 9.83 7340 50.4
195673 195673M - 6.d 2430 30400 53000 5.4 388 79 32.4 8.8 25200 1.86 41.9 39 ####### 715 29890 3.97 9160 46.3
195673 195673M - 7.d 4990 80000 135000 5.6 860 90.1 34.72 24.4 35600 6.04 66 61.6 379.00 80 30710 4.35 13090 44.3
195673 195673M - 8.d 435 4000 15300 3.5 1670 78.6 34.81 15.7 23670 2.89 36.6 22.3 306.90 51.24 39150 1.66 13040 50.7
195673 195673M - 9.d 397 1960 5400 2.7 721 68.5 35.68 10.35 19360 3.89 7.15 16.7 206.40 38.26 31870 1.39 16270 43.2
195673 195673M - 10.d 1010 11000 23800 2.5 563 47.55 24.95 1.45 17810 2.21 21 25.7 316.10 92.9 26270 3.87 5886 42.2
195673 195673M - 11.d 1500 33400 129000 4.1 810 65.2 29.5 7.8 20300 3.21 20.7 26.4 338.20 88.2 28400 7.20 9300 45.2
195673 195673M - 12.d 616 19500 40200 2.9 337 59.4 19.89 3.72 14280 2.71 28.1 24.1 213.10 148.5 17420 3.02 5599 31.5
195673 195673M - 13.d 691 29200 78000 3.5 610 57.8 29.5 23.1 21340 3.5 139 31.4 393.70 235 30600 5.99 7130 57
195673 195673M - 14.d 19200 152000 303000 9.8 590 121 33 17.6 72300 4.08 41.8 129 279.50 143.6 30070 2.80 6300 39.7
195673 195673M - 15.d 462 30400 70200 2.0 264 24.36 1.15 16.6 5500 0.89 32.2 18.4 208.00 62.4 6430 26.50 74.8 1.46
195673 195673M - 16.d 725 6130 18400 2.9 645 36.25 4.29 6.9 45200 2.85 37.8 42.4 359.00 85.6 12690 22.40 339 4.88
195673 195673M - 17.d 556 7600 14100 1.7 1400 60.8 4.14 2.68 14740 1.37 29.1 23.2 39.30 10.38 6444 1.19 166.2 1.71
195673 195673M - 18.d 363.7 550 3170 3.0 195 71.7 34.32 2.49 15850 2.41 2.59 12.8 224.80 41 26210 1.26 10720 48.3
195673 195673M - 20.d 364.6 266 1610 2.0 183 77.2 34.36 1.35 18110 2.59 6.4 14.07 171.90 54 30180 0.74 10030 44.2
195673 195673M - 21.d 3650 65400 138000 5.7 440 69.1 31.5 27.8 27700 2.9 97 38.9 377.60 598 28450 8.20 6770 49.3
195673 195673M - 22.d 1380 14700 28500 4.8 60 59.2 3.58 18.6 151000 1.27 28 28.7 280.00 25 8770 66.00 80.2 0.53
195673 195673M - 23.d 399.5 5290 11900 3.6 313 60.4 33.88 8 21130 2.55 14.1 26.7 316.00 112.1 34210 2.25 13370 49.3
195673 195673M - 24.d 4490 40200 88000 2.4 80 79.7 30.97 7.8 30300 3.19 26.4 55.3 170.70 78.3 25930 19.20 12250 46.9
195673 195673M - 25.d 8100 74000 141000 7.5 620 96 33.5 34.7 46100 4.48 59.8 55.5 233.60 61.8 30660 7.30 13780 51.7
195673 195673M - 26.d 552 3100 12000 2.2 527 76.2 39.55 7.2 24290 2.84 15.1 26.8 455.60 111.1 39400 3.02 9180 49.2
195673 195673M - 27.d 491 5090 28400 2.3 293 89 2.31 0.85 11010 1.36 14 22.9 870.00 88 8430 4.43 382 3.12
195673 195673M - 28.d 1290 15200 51500 3.0 976 44.1 24.97 5.8 29000 3.34 42.5 29.8 614.00 142.3 24860 7.90 6380 43
199021 199021M - 1.d 5200 14400 52000 16.8 420 31 742.2 53 7900 3 4.6 8.9 24.90 216 4890 12.90 79.8 109.8
199021 199021M - 2.d 12200 22400 121000 2.5 519 6.75 236.9 67.6 14470 11.3 3.37 15.4 30.10 115.6 10568 16.00 80.6 86.6
199021 199021M - 3.d 5130 6240 50800 6.8 361 10.4 217.2 93.3 6820 4.67 6.39 11.9 135.00 4220 6550 10.30 71.5 111.8
199021 199021M - 4.d 8640 10990 37600 5.0 185 7.26 264.6 35.3 11210 4.19 2.9 13.4 16.56 129 8504 52.00 98 108.5
199021 199021M - 5.d 1470 2410 36200 4.2 287 40 499.8 44.3 5340 2.36 3.57 10.6 21.60 146 4369 30.00 90.3 116.5
199021 199021M - 6.d 13800 32900 68900 6.5 2500 8.87 246 35.6 14120 10.9 4.11 14.6 77.00 1840 11610 51.10 79.3 96.6386 J.K. P ORTERAppendix C Table 1 Page 140 of 140
py - pyrite, sph - sphalerite, pyh - pyrrhotiteSample Number
174662 174662M - 3.d
174662 174662M - 4.d
174662 174662M - 5.d
174662 174662M - 6.d
174662 174662M - 7.d
174662 174662M - 8.d
174662 174662M - 9.d
192531 1925312Z - 2.d
192531 1925312Z - 3.d
192531 1925312Z - 5.d
192531 1925312Z - 6.d
195673 195673M - 1.d
195673 195673M - 2.d
195673 195673M - 3.d
195673 195673M - 4.d
195673 195673M - 5.d
195673 195673M - 6.d
195673 195673M - 7.d
195673 195673M - 8.d
195673 195673M - 9.d
195673 195673M - 10.d
195673 195673M - 11.d
195673 195673M - 12.d
195673 195673M - 13.d
195673 195673M - 14.d
195673 195673M - 15.d
195673 195673M - 16.d
195673 195673M - 17.d
195673 195673M - 18.d
195673 195673M - 20.d
195673 195673M - 21.d
195673 195673M - 22.d
195673 195673M - 23.d
195673 195673M - 24.d
195673 195673M - 25.d
195673 195673M - 26.d
195673 195673M - 27.d
195673 195673M - 28.d
199021 199021M - 1.d
199021 199021M - 2.d
199021 199021M - 3.d
199021 199021M - 4.d
199021 199021M - 5.d
199021 199021M - 6.dHf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U Group C Group B Group A Type Location
1.59 216.7 60.5 4.5 2.23 2.01 2.39 0.01 0.35 0.1 1 3 granophyre Musgrave Province
3.55 309 48.7 1.8 0.31 0.172 0.299 0.00 1.01 0.2 1 3 granophyre Musgrave Province
1.43 70.9 62 6.9 5.43 4.09 5.38 0.01 5.97 1.5 1 3 granophyre Musgrave Province
2.94 178.8 58.8 1.8 10.54 1.97 2.17 0.00 2.96 13.7 1 3 granophyre Musgrave Province
2.38 138.5 36.7 2.55 4.67 2.33 3.09 0.01 3.54 2.0 1 3 granophyre Musgrave Province
4.57 446 72 2.25 3.06 2.31 3.12 0.00 4.26 0.3 1 3 granophyre Musgrave Province
1.02 145.2 28.7 1.45 2.38 2.15 2.55 0.00 2.15 0.4 1 3 granophyre Musgrave Province
135.1 75.53 73.3 1.6 36 5.03 0.955 0.01 0.69 27.3 8 1 mylonitic metagranite Tropicana Zone, Albany-Fraser Orogen
198.9 139.6 107.6 2.85 25.6 3.02 0.0135 0.00 0.00 19.3 8 1 mylonitic metagranite Tropicana Zone, Albany-Fraser Orogen
172.7 82.64 65.6 1.95 66.2 8.33 0.484 0.01 0.04 47.3 8 1 mylonitic metagranite Tropicana Zone, Albany-Fraser Orogen
162.6 150.3 63.6 2.5 20.35 2.47 0.0155 0.00 0.01 14.4 8 1 mylonitic metagranite Tropicana Zone, Albany-Fraser Orogen
8.38 2233 334 34.5 50.3 33.2 41.4 0.02 45.90 22.3 5 3 felsic granofels Musgrave Province
22.3 1841 439 48 74.5 49.9 64.7 0.02 177.00 36.5 5 3 felsic granofels Musgrave Province
5.63 4280 475 13.7 13.14 10.38 13.51 0.02 18.34 2.1 5 3 felsic granofels Musgrave Province
7.37 3719 79 8.9 11.7 7.27 11.3 0.03 12.90 8.6 5 3 felsic granofels Musgrave Province
15.78 2552 397 88.5 149.1 96.8 132.1 0.01 255.00 111.7 5 3 felsic granofels Musgrave Province
28 1783 613 27 106.2 37.4 60.4 0.01 627.00 169.0 5 3 felsic granofels Musgrave Province
10.9 3347 765 37.9 66.7 40.1 64.8 0.01 78.20 20.6 5 3 felsic granofels Musgrave Province
10.12 3332 566 36 39 29.1 36.7 0.02 34.62 9.5 5 3 felsic granofels Musgrave Province
7.7 2755 495 14.2 24.1 17.82 23.9 0.03 26.19 4.7 5 3 felsic granofels Musgrave Province
12.69 1309 1024 41.6 63.2 42.82 54.2 0.01 89.40 30.8 5 3 felsic granofels Musgrave Province
11.84 1902 535 30.3 50.8 31.57 44.5 0.01 63.50 20.9 5 3 felsic granofels Musgrave Province
12.89 1731 419 27.3 48.4 30.01 41.7 0.01 85.10 23.8 5 3 felsic granofels Musgrave Province
18 2012 1670 75 134.5 83.8 121.5 0.01 188.00 35.3 5 3 felsic granofels Musgrave Province
12.14 2452 405 41.8 65.3 41.1 56.4 0.02 95.80 31.2 5 3 felsic granofels Musgrave Province
2.13 1336 539 19 59.7 21.9 49.1 0.02 46.30 17.0 5 3 felsic granofels Musgrave Province
2.53 1377 1008 110.2 256.5 121.9 263.6 0.13 336.00 37.5 5 3 felsic granofels Musgrave Province
0.59 1321 242 2.25 5.97 2.64 5.45 0.00 16.10 3.6 5 3 felsic granofels Musgrave Province
7.96 1551 197 19.1 32.9 18.99 27.6 0.02 29.50 13.3 5 3 felsic granofels Musgrave Province
8.96 2656 150 14.1 18.93 13.2 17.11 0.03 21.70 9.5 5 3 felsic granofels Musgrave Province
26 1986 743 54 101.3 60.4 93.6 0.02 321.30 33.0 5 3 felsic granofels Musgrave Province
1.35 916 170 8.3 21.8 8.7 18.7 0.02 105.00 12.7 5 3 felsic granofels Musgrave Province
10.61 3204 867 36.2 51.4 39.1 47 0.02 53.00 14.6 5 3 felsic granofels Musgrave Province
11.54 2640 321 19.3 35.2 22.4 33.5 0.02 34.70 11.2 5 3 felsic granofels Musgrave Province
10.64 2708 1010 34 35.8 24.4 33.1 0.01 53.30 6.8 5 3 felsic granofels Musgrave Province
11.41 3930 373 47.8 75.9 48.8 71.4 0.03 111.70 24.0 5 3 felsic granofels Musgrave Province
3.91 1985 113 39.5 87.4 41.8 87.4 0.03 199.00 86.0 5 3 felsic granofels Musgrave Province
16.33 1463 1550 77.3 128.9 82.1 104.3 0.04 113.60 64.6 5 3 felsic granofels Musgrave Province
11.1 363 748 33.3 391 102.8 65 0.07 106.80 167.9 5 4 meta-cordierite porphyry Southern Cross Domain, Youanmi
7.17 587.2 730.3 41.9 434 115.4 85.7 0.08 144.50 173.7 5 4 meta-cordierite porphyry Southern Cross Domain, Youanmi
96 230.9 874 32.9 407 109.7 60.3 0.09 69.30 159.8 4 4 meta-cordierite porphyry Southern Cross Domain, Youanmi
7.7 375.8 772.1 45.4 490 132.3 79.1 0.06 104.50 176.0 5 4 meta-cordierite porphyry Southern Cross Domain, Youanmi
7.92 303.8 714 40.8 541 134.2 84.7 0.09 131.20 211.8 5 4 meta-cordierite porphyry Southern Cross Domain, Youanmi
45 623 743 49.3 454 124.9 88.2 0.08 161.00 182.9 4 4 meta-cordierite porphyry Southern Cross Domain, YouanmiAppendix C J.K. P ORTER 387APPENDIX D
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION -
CHAPTER 3
D.1. TABLE 1-DETRITAL RUTILE TRACE ELEMENT
CHEMISTRIES (PPM)Appendix D  Table 1 Page 1 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file Mg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf
143741 143741Z - 1.d 288.6 7.45 315 2.25 70 1.95 604900 872.5 562.6 3187 0.13 1.75 4.34 0.314 151.3 277.2 5.57 126.2 20.45 8.48
143741 143741Z - 2.d 290.2 18.5 435 2.12 95 35.83 604100 3301 389.5 753 0.095 1.52 3.91 0.07 268.5 372.1 2.08 252.1 0.055 11.13
143741 143741Z - 3.d 283.7 44.5 550 0.65 65 7.07 605200 1128.3 328.4 1240 0.145 1.61 3.88 0.135 352.3 345.2 3.17 135.8 1.06 17.41
143741 143741Z - 4.d 283.4 145.4 330 1.96 65 15.2 606800 2213 645.2 793 0.1 1.69 3.81 0.493 185.4 261.2 2.29 83.8 0.197 10.64
143741 143741Z - 5.d 279.3 37.1 470 1.93 95 3.83 604600 965 961.7 927 0.115 1.75 4.86 0.1 140.2 173.6 1.82 72.2 4.68 7.07
143741 143741Z - 6.d 320.1 1380 4560 58 95 6.2 606300 1326 721.4 2480 0.42 17.2 23.8 0.87 201.1 612 3.17 173.4 0.51 12.88
143741 143741Z - 7.d 407 832 1790 3.03 365 20.75 603800 975 2518 1301 0.37 3.52 10.7 6.69 60.31 2120 25.49 435 170.9 5.53
143741 143741Z - 8.d 285.3 50.7 295 1.95 60 20.38 602200 3711 1820 1490 0.35 2.08 4.7 0.136 1030.6 2140 2.54 225.7 1.1 51.48
143741 143741Z - 9.d 283.9 76.3 355 1.37 90 83.2 605900 1636 1219 1243 0.35 2.69 9.5 0.111 174.2 2829 1.3 100.7 0.602 10.68
143741 143741Z - 10.d 286.1 112 1000 0.8 55 7.68 599800 2457 885 1263 0.155 3.12 5.62 0.624 352.6 335.7 18.86 88.6 6 15.07
143741 143741Z - 11.d 328 106 910 1.93 85 2.13 605500 989.9 255.2 4002 0.195 2.11 6.52 0.151 131.24 160.9 16.99 27.96 18.21 7.38
143741 143741Z - 12.d 671 347 1550 0.8 70 7.49 599600 1700 120.6 4130 0.78 1.83 5.82 2.1 610 166.9 3.27 38.6 76.7 18.6
143741 143741Z - 13.d 289.2 79.3 275 1.35 75 14.97 604900 1572 533.9 2063 0.145 1.85 4.55 0.254 234.6 205.9 5.76 36.14 0.68 11.9
143741 143741Z - 14.d 282.4 121.4 295 1.93 80 26.15 603100 2043 787 985 0.15 2.03 4.12 0.434 220 1457 1.99 326.5 5.73 13.62
143741 143741Z - 15.d 279.2 187.4 350 1.73 60 12.39 600400 1308 880.1 1533 0.16 2.13 4.96 0.448 150.5 2627 1.91 299.2 0.447 9.59
143741 143741Z - 16.d 316.8 588 3080 0.75 197 10.56 606000 2564 468.5 2131 0.2 3.4 8 5.15 556.5 1840 17.1 132.4 10.95 23.45
143741 143741Z - 17.d 357 2750 19600 0.7 80 243.1 606500 102.1 33.8 3040 0.57 2.18 6.31 6.1 107 2484 0.0235 40.7 1.07 3.37
143741 143741Z - 18.d 357.8 663 1990 4.39 240 15.73 604900 1137.7 1496 445 0.145 2.89 9.92 1.693 12.41 1352 11.64 151.6 17.28 1.59
143741 143741Z - 19.d 304.2 298 1840 1.47 811 68 610500 1186 321.8 3299 0.21 3.89 21.5 88.3 511.4 2504 22.41 412.7 54.8 20.59
143741 143741Z - 20.d 277 178 470 2 130 2.55 601800 807 487 3396 0.35 5.19 5.66 0.136 116.5 365.2 5.95 42.1 25.7 5.28
143741 143741Z - 21.d 317.8 1370 55600 0.75 105 14.2 602300 60.3 24.5 3330 0.5 2.51 4.76 5.1 20.1 1631 1.45 6.43 0.68 0.79
143741 143741Z - 22.d 1826 14710 181400 1.4 1030 13.34 602500 139.2 205 3267 1.62 10.61 20.4 108.5 146 314.9 0.08 123.3 12.01 4.17
143741 143741Z - 23.d 290.9 51 430 0.9 65 2.85 606000 167.1 1070 5230 0.12 1.83 3.75 0.196 14.82 1830 0.68 110.7 51.4 1.12
143741 143741Z - 24.d 287.9 240.9 800 1.57 75 9.83 607500 1139 942.5 1233 0.145 1.88 4.57 0.139 188.1 3049 2.67 326.1 0.232 12.08
143741 143741Z - 25.d 316.6 219.9 740 1.61 80 5.93 605500 131.6 32.5 6356 0.125 1.74 22.2 21.46 203.7 5723 7.92 85.2 0.473 10.61
143747 143747Z - 1.d 386 7900 37000 4.1 680 10.14 607200 2128 318.8 1630 2.48 10.8 4.89 11.9 1070 1909 2.99 268.3 0.71 31
143747 143747Z - 2.d 291.3 683 15860 3.1 95 34.1 603800 149.3 32.7 2820 0.45 3.39 4 9.47 345.1 3157 9.78 15.04 8.03 17.19
143747 143747Z - 3.d 266.5 92.5 6380 1.4 290 69.4 598900 380.4 368 264 0.135 1.65 3.04 2.9 3.02 2166 0.085 1.56 0.98 0.163
143747 143747Z - 4.d 265.8 119 8030 2.05 440 72.8 598800 377.2 336.1 259 0.35 1.47 2.77 3.93 4.86 2180 0.08 1.4 1.07 0.237
143747 143747Z - 5.d 290.6 363 13960 1.6 110 12.89 598200 1116 426.3 2820 0.305 1.33 2.78 0.198 127.7 4494 1.7 295.2 1.66 6.59
143747 143747Z - 6.d 301 722 13810 3.7 1270 291.7 600800 484.3 61.6 587 0.4 3.09 5.23 67.4 1419 461.5 26.6 23.26 0.95 33.98
143747 143747Z - 7.d 533 8390 121100 2.45 850 147.8 603800 606 195 5490 1.61 3.96 31 475 2860 1679 22.2 357 33.8 73.5
143747 143747Z - 8.d 286 186.4 10720 3.1 249 8.31 601400 667 113.4 5810 0.295 2.22 8.5 8.33 7.89 1811 0.23 20.93 1.22 0.546
143747 143747Z - 9.d 269.4 15.5 7170 8.7 90 24.5 604200 277.5 439 2176 0.3 2.15 4.21 0.737 2.54 2164 0.0335 13.59 0.06 0.193
143747 143747Z - 10.d 365.5 3280 60700 4.3 610 199 600800 1116 166.4 5760 0.86 10.06 14 92.6 534 1815 12.7 250.1 10.89 12.19
143747 143747Z - 11.d 268.1 73.6 6730 3.96 120 35.8 599900 1477 573.9 1330 0.34 1.81 2.96 1.43 384 441.3 0.88 135.6 2.82 11.3
143747 143747Z - 12.d 287.8 780 27700 3.5 125 16 608100 995 453.6 2870 0.425 1.82 4.39 4.2 2720 4309 2.93 283.1 0.08 83
143747 143747Z - 13.d 265.1 135.9 6520 3.2 100 7.95 601800 2222 666 705 0.275 1.88 3.65 0.116 208 795 2.62 255.8 0.075 12.1
143747 143747Z - 14.d 268.8 115 7260 2.77 90 16.73 603400 2463 535.2 647 0.465 2.75 2.97 0.271 128.8 686.4 1.43 191.9 6.05 7.37
143747 143747Z - 15.d 267.9 302 7550 1.25 90 73.9 600100 1657 825.9 2100 0.425 2.24 3.34 0.127 222.7 6964 2.47 373.3 0.47 12.89
143747 143747Z - 16.d 429.4 2721 89200 7.3 490 313.1 599800 552.4 332.6 14770 4.9 53.5 10.9 16.79 1970 1514 18.36 381 11.57 51.7390 J.K. P ORTERAppendix D  Table 1 Page 2 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file
143741 143741Z - 1.d
143741 143741Z - 2.d
143741 143741Z - 3.d
143741 143741Z - 4.d
143741 143741Z - 5.d
143741 143741Z - 6.d
143741 143741Z - 7.d
143741 143741Z - 8.d
143741 143741Z - 9.d
143741 143741Z - 10.d
143741 143741Z - 11.d
143741 143741Z - 12.d
143741 143741Z - 13.d
143741 143741Z - 14.d
143741 143741Z - 15.d
143741 143741Z - 16.d
143741 143741Z - 17.d
143741 143741Z - 18.d
143741 143741Z - 19.d
143741 143741Z - 20.d
143741 143741Z - 21.d
143741 143741Z - 22.d
143741 143741Z - 23.d
143741 143741Z - 24.d
143741 143741Z - 25.d
143747 143747Z - 1.d
143747 143747Z - 2.d
143747 143747Z - 3.d
143747 143747Z - 4.d
143747 143747Z - 5.d
143747 143747Z - 6.d
143747 143747Z - 7.d
143747 143747Z - 8.d
143747 143747Z - 9.d
143747 143747Z - 10.d
143747 143747Z - 11.d
143747 143747Z - 12.d
143747 143747Z - 13.d
143747 143747Z - 14.d
143747 143747Z - 15.d
143747 143747Z - 16.dTa W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Th U Group C Rocktype Rock Unit
10.09 66.8 1.85 18.89 1.199 0.0195 0.0205 46.83 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Angas Hills beds
41.5 344.9 1.55 0.421 0.037 0.018 0.0026 0.927 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Angas Hills beds
20.61 90.3 1.7 0.739 0.061 0.0215 0.0223 1.598 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Angas Hills beds
8.04 82.9 2.05 9.12 0.609 0.019 0.0169 21.48 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Angas Hills beds
28.89 76.4 2.2 0.038 0.0305 0.021 0.0024 0.0255 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Angas Hills beds
52.32 286 8 9.8 6.8 7.2 1.24 4.02 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Angas Hills beds
78.68 835 9.2 93.2 15.62 26.69 172.3 129.2 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Angas Hills beds
105.2 49.7 1.6 64.4 4.37 0.102 0.112 149 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Angas Hills beds
123.1 229.4 1.85 8.55 0.704 0.147 0.0073 19.47 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Angas Hills beds
13.71 149.8 2.35 18.58 2.66 1.87 7.32 39.3 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Angas Hills beds
4.73 23.04 1.55 0.336 0.182 0.177 0.0023 0.375 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Angas Hills beds
12.34 231.4 1.3 0.75 0.225 0.168 1.13 1.35 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Angas Hills beds
26.88 6.86 1.65 4.95 0.34 0.014 0.0637 11.57 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Angas Hills beds
18.06 470.4 1.65 2.16 0.266 0.237 2.5 4.37 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Angas Hills beds
188.6 199.9 1.3 3.8 1.7 1.81 9.66 5.06 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Angas Hills beds
94.93 438 9.4 14.58 8.28 9.92 29.05 12.13 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Angas Hills beds
122.1 138.9 7.4 11.2 7.74 9.1 4.27 4.3 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Angas Hills beds
83.33 86.9 8.6 23.77 9.35 9 20.04 24.79 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Angas Hills beds
109.5 288.7 69.4 116.1 72.7 89.4 189.9 67.22 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Angas Hills beds
32.8 139.6 3.9 2.35 1.6 1.55 0.269 1.183 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Angas Hills beds
171.2 2.32 19.4 22.8 19.1 20.6 1.54 1.18 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Angas Hills beds
16.32 250 83 94 78.2 86 71.4 11.54 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Angas Hills beds
31.4 209.6 2.4 2.12 0.218 0.096 0.379 4.593 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Angas Hills beds
187.7 306.8 2.1 2.77 0.233 0.051 0.22 5.468 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Angas Hills beds
169.1 407.7 12.9 15.42 10.4 11.12 5.01 10.48 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Angas Hills beds
63.7 456 10.8 10.3 8.7 8.6 6.1 5.78 1 pebbly sandstone Canning Basin? Paterson Fm? Pollock Hills
139.9 592 84.8 74.6 73 70.6 17.12 6.2 1 pebbly sandstone Canning Basin? Paterson Fm? Pollock Hills
74.1 5.89 3 1.88 1.77 1.827 0.101 0.282 1 pebbly sandstone Canning Basin? Paterson Fm? Pollock Hills
92.5 16.02 3.6 1.56 1.47 1.5 0.188 0.423 1 pebbly sandstone Canning Basin? Paterson Fm? Pollock Hills
213.1 799.8 3.25 4.2 0.388 0.0415 0.078 9.07 1 pebbly sandstone Canning Basin? Paterson Fm? Pollock Hills
18.78 193 97.8 107.1 93.7 93.5 36.84 40.7 1 pebbly sandstone Canning Basin? Paterson Fm? Pollock Hills
77.65 583 152 171.1 155.9 158.1 279.5 31.1 1 pebbly sandstone Canning Basin? Paterson Fm? Pollock Hills
163.3 9.28 18.1 26.5 22.14 20.6 8.06 5.63 1 pebbly sandstone Canning Basin? Paterson Fm? Pollock Hills
209.4 16.12 2.95 1.91 1.82 1.847 0.011 0.0497 1 pebbly sandstone Canning Basin? Paterson Fm? Pollock Hills
219.8 1639 92.2 91.2 82.8 85.3 195.3 24.62 1 pebbly sandstone Canning Basin? Paterson Fm? Pollock Hills
12.41 220.5 3.5 1.91 0.77 0.811 2.22 2.55 1 pebbly sandstone Canning Basin? Paterson Fm? Pollock Hills
141.4 279.2 3.1 9.7 1.25 0.64 0.68 15.4 1 pebbly sandstone Canning Basin? Paterson Fm? Pollock Hills
18.17 293.9 3 0.981 0.06 0.034 0.0105 2.443 1 pebbly sandstone Canning Basin? Paterson Fm? Pollock Hills
19.6 178.2 2.6 1.01 1.24 1.04 0.39 0.113 1 pebbly sandstone Canning Basin? Paterson Fm? Pollock Hills
338.8 314.3 2.9 3.8 0.425 0.131 0.412 3.208 1 pebbly sandstone Canning Basin? Paterson Fm? Pollock Hills
71.37 2768 96 106 100.2 102.6 114 6.48 1 pebbly sandstone Canning Basin? Paterson Fm? Pollock HillsAppendix D J.K. P ORTER 391Appendix D  Table 1 Page 3 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file Mg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf
143747 143747Z - 17.d 276 182 7830 1.2 348 3679 602900 354.3 7 1340 0.285 1.71 7.2 23.67 646.7 14840 0.185 127.3 0.73 16
143747 143747Z - 18.d 266 79.7 6620 1.3 70 24.67 603000 1526 420.8 1163 0.42 1.75 2.6 0.087 158.2 2020 1.2 204.4 0.329 7.98
143747 143747Z - 19.d 694 343 8420 3.1 2070 2 594600 510.1 2501 2633 2 1.95 3.21 5.53 67.6 915 11.62 137.9 57.5 4.46
143747 143747Z - 20.d 393 524 17900 3.18 263 11.95 604000 487.5 767 5190 0.37 2.81 11.1 23.87 28.91 1490 0.41 369.6 26.27 3.74
143747 143747Z - 21.d 463 8300 117200 4.9 650 90.1 607600 591.1 130.7 4230 0.8 3.77 16.9 41.43 723.6 1325 10.7 188.2 62.7 28.28
143747 143747Z - 22.d 265.3 41.9 7280 3.46 105 42.36 607100 734.9 6199 2562 0.335 2.6 4.52 2.56 12.71 2649 0.38 597 91.8 0.87
143747 143747Z - 23.d 286.7 56.6 8420 3.98 6200 5.19 598400 1788 307.7 1014 0.34 2.12 3.71 0.91 243 631.7 2.56 129.3 0.221 12.27
143747 143747Z - 24.d 303.4 960 19700 4.44 260 193.7 602500 619 105.7 1406 0.4 18.3 6.95 73 138 1291 1.53 548 2.43 3.33
143747 143747Z - 25.d 1461 13900 90500 2.15 560 137.8 602700 788 60.6 7590 1.08 15.6 10.2 79.8 290 1359 4.14 2005 3.27 8.17
143747 143747Z - 26.d 1290 1020 8680 1.45 95 10.86 604300 599 327 4690 2.22 12.62 6.62 5.66 117.7 2461 11.94 252.4 311 6.49
143747 143747Z - 27.d 268.7 34.7 7570 1.15 100 3.92 599300 23.86 34.2 2437 0.13 1.84 2.57 0.065 22.8 3358 0.026 0.79 0.82 1.25
143747 143747Z - 28.d 263 16 6240 2.14 95 169.3 597500 2052 598.3 3239 0.32 1.94 2.63 0.099 211 2746 0.51 1265 16.37 12.46
143747 143747Z - 29.d 284.8 226 8200 2.86 115 59 602000 1445 434.7 924 0.26 2.09 12.4 4.11 125.7 2588 1.1 266 2.28 9.31
143747 143747Z - 30.d 641 1053 11630 3.07 852 10.07 602700 402.6 30.8 2312 0.87 3.18 5.11 142.7 39.3 1924 0.31 115.1 5.51 1.28
143747 143747Z - 31.d 269.3 96.3 5990 3 115 3.05 600700 638 1366 1636 0.23 1.57 2.75 0.084 145.7 176 1.23 16.17 0.289 9
143747 143747Z - 32.d 437.3 3610 102700 7.1 550 112.6 602700 527.5 194.5 4870 0.95 11.51 9.3 88.2 2210 2054 19.2 273.3 18.81 64.8
143747 143747Z - 33.d 368.5 2610 35800 1.65 125 10.01 601400 378.7 1001 3383 0.21 5.49 6.78 16.3 743 1780 14.74 248.5 18.45 37.4
143747 143747Z - 34.d 279.6 50.6 6000 1.45 95 40.5 601500 1249 849.2 4780 0.16 1.6 3.39 0.132 177.9 3143 9.98 474.2 20.2 9
143747 143747Z - 35.d 272.7 49.2 5850 1.35 100 4.59 600500 1048 996 2226 0.13 1.65 2.3 0.054 179.1 238 5.64 18.86 2.02 7.47
143747 143747Z - 36.d 527 1820 19300 1.8 130 62.9 606800 1227 2605 887 0.17 2.15 4.77 7.88 519 3458 35.6 255.6 109.1 22.57
143747 143747Z - 37.d 300.3 1334 30200 5.57 284 96.2 601600 368.9 95.3 3346 0.37 3.73 4.74 138 2150 1703 7.47 165.5 22.7 52
143747 143747Z - 38.d 1912 2030 31300 1.6 568 91.2 600300 1308 295.1 4080 0.82 7.53 15.1 123.9 552.6 1950 7.03 259 133.4 18.01
143747 143747Z - 39.d 331 742 25900 1.7 135 979 602300 142.5 188.3 2360 0.32 2.7 3.66 20.24 171.5 1921 2.1 215.9 21.5 11.95
143747 143747Z - 40.d 275.1 46.5 8380 1.35 220 4.49 596200 2618 3264 317 0.18 2.2 3.16 1.368 26.78 1457 0.6 156.1 32.1 2.54
143747 143747Z - 41.d 839 15800 61100 1.75 410 44.9 600500 329 242 3550 6.45 15.4 7.31 69 660 1804 2.06 116.9 12 22.1
143747 143747Z - 42.d 297.5 149.3 10150 3.39 228 517.8 601900 300.9 52.2 1711 0.09 1.44 2.85 1.39 419.8 1217 0.8 73.8 4.6 32.63
143747 143747Z - 43.d 385.9 2451 91400 3.5 520 12.6 603300 333.5 382.8 7260 0.46 5.17 6.26 55.26 456 1630 7.63 169.6 497 12.31
143747 143747Z - 44.d 487 1120 14900 1.55 145 11.41 596300 659 262.3 2459 0.63 2.13 5.46 30.2 39.75 3399 20.31 183.7 77.7 4.79
143747 143747Z - 45.d 292.1 420 10070 1.2 110 25.9 603600 1085 247.6 2905 0.49 6.3 3.93 11.5 1660 373 5.14 104.6 25.66 49
143747 143747Z - 46.d 441 448 8660 2.86 130 70.3 603800 462 88.7 1655 0.2 2.13 5.93 63 323.7 3036 0.94 460 2.42 20.27
143747 143747Z - 47.d 381.7 1585 50900 64 1090 105.3 601800 687 260 4170 0.67 39.5 19.4 77.2 276 2218 7.25 227.7 8.8 5.6
143747 143747Z - 48.d 297.7 15.4 7030 1.3 120 0.3 596300 3.35 6.9 2373 0.28 2.51 2.68 1.06 43.3 1984 0.166 1.58 0.145 0.266
143747 143747Z - 49.d 344.2 2640 19190 1.55 95 19.9 597600 113.4 202.9 4712 1.41 18.73 8.8 132 2030 11390 1.32 17.93 0.59 27.3
143747 143747Z - 50.d 279.9 142 6320 9.7 90 1.94 600600 1303 37.5 4540 0.75 7.05 6.56 1.16 129 86.5 2.48 20.88 10 5.44
143783 143784M - 26.d 400 1330 2960 2.94 319 38.8 606700 1724 833 1650 0.84 4.03 6.1 4.51 104.3 2220 6.9 113.4 14.47 12.44
143783 143783R - 1.d 297.9 514 2100 3.4 390 26.4 605700 442.9 3017 2779 0.34 13.4 9.9 6.13 78.1 682 25.5 220.2 85.9 3.45
143783 143783R - 2.d 519 2184 5700 1.2 730 29 605500 978 976 3103 1.36 15.5 7.6 25.46 155.1 2116 44.9 105.5 111.9 4.57
143783 143783R - 3.d 809 7050 55300 2.35 3120 61.8 602700 362.8 137.6 31290 7.3 27.5 22.3 90 260.6 14160 19.7 92.9 12.9 7.75
143783 143783R - 4.d 383 4290 9370 5.6 205 16.12 604600 1353 1038 2939 1.77 26.1 7.2 2.8 63.5 1910 0.76 344.4 122.5 2.43
143783 143783R - 5.d 229.8 627.3 280 2.34 95 85.2 602400 4852 656.6 5288 0.285 1.32 3.43 0.167 607.1 18940 10.7 282.9 0.12 30.9
143783 R10 - 15.d 1670 10000 26900 4.4 215 9.94 600000 66.9 132.5 7000 8 16.4 6.5 10.33 359.3 1346 16.3 27.7 33.5 12.3392 J.K. P ORTERAppendix D  Table 1 Page 4 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file
143747 143747Z - 17.d
143747 143747Z - 18.d
143747 143747Z - 19.d
143747 143747Z - 20.d
143747 143747Z - 21.d
143747 143747Z - 22.d
143747 143747Z - 23.d
143747 143747Z - 24.d
143747 143747Z - 25.d
143747 143747Z - 26.d
143747 143747Z - 27.d
143747 143747Z - 28.d
143747 143747Z - 29.d
143747 143747Z - 30.d
143747 143747Z - 31.d
143747 143747Z - 32.d
143747 143747Z - 33.d
143747 143747Z - 34.d
143747 143747Z - 35.d
143747 143747Z - 36.d
143747 143747Z - 37.d
143747 143747Z - 38.d
143747 143747Z - 39.d
143747 143747Z - 40.d
143747 143747Z - 41.d
143747 143747Z - 42.d
143747 143747Z - 43.d
143747 143747Z - 44.d
143747 143747Z - 45.d
143747 143747Z - 46.d
143747 143747Z - 47.d
143747 143747Z - 48.d
143747 143747Z - 49.d
143747 143747Z - 50.d
143783 143784M - 26.d
143783 143783R - 1.d
143783 143783R - 2.d
143783 143783R - 3.d
143783 143783R - 4.d
143783 143783R - 5.d
143783 R10 - 15.dTa W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Th U Group C Rocktype Rock Unit
109.4 47.5 84.1 93.9 85.5 89 1.706 3.272 1 pebbly sandstone Canning Basin? Paterson Fm? Pollock Hills
157.2 163.6 3.25 0.228 0.07 0.0345 0.0105 0.403 1 pebbly sandstone Canning Basin? Paterson Fm? Pollock Hills
56.93 1126 3.35 14.03 2.9 6.4 28.8 11.19 1 pebbly sandstone Canning Basin? Paterson Fm? Pollock Hills
35.13 5710 6.7 29.09 8.77 17.27 84.5 20.96 1 pebbly sandstone Canning Basin? Paterson Fm? Pollock Hills
34.12 94.8 110 110.3 108.4 111.2 247.1 10.56 1 pebbly sandstone Canning Basin? Paterson Fm? Pollock Hills
161.1 781.7 3.6 6.3 4.33 4.52 4.63 4.02 1 pebbly sandstone Canning Basin? Paterson Fm? Pollock Hills
36.22 350.9 3.3 0.7 0.65 0.49 0.371 0.479 1 pebbly sandstone Canning Basin? Paterson Fm? Pollock Hills
141.3 148 47.9 62 50.1 51.8 58.1 16.8 1 pebbly sandstone Canning Basin? Paterson Fm? Pollock Hills
82.9 86.8 63.4 66.3 58.7 73.6 121.8 11.78 1 pebbly sandstone Canning Basin? Paterson Fm? Pollock Hills
228.4 261.4 13.5 47.5 18.06 16.11 10.66 67.6 1 pebbly sandstone Canning Basin? Paterson Fm? Pollock Hills
88 114.3 2.45 0.041 0.055 0.037 0.0017 0.0048 1 pebbly sandstone Canning Basin? Paterson Fm? Pollock Hills
97.1 38.2 2.1 27.98 3.37 0.038 0.068 24.54 1 pebbly sandstone Canning Basin? Paterson Fm? Pollock Hills
231.6 609 13.6 17.8 13.58 13.81 10.97 5.68 1 pebbly sandstone Canning Basin? Paterson Fm? Pollock Hills
322.9 1384 19.4 25.95 21.63 20.34 7.9 5.87 1 pebbly sandstone Canning Basin? Paterson Fm? Pollock Hills
8.94 18.1 4.6 0.075 0.0385 0.034 0.0027 0.0538 1 pebbly sandstone Canning Basin? Paterson Fm? Pollock Hills
96.1 1864 146 173.6 150.8 154.4 172.1 29.64 1 pebbly sandstone Canning Basin? Paterson Fm? Pollock Hills
71.69 570 13.8 26.35 12.17 29.89 199.2 18.98 1 pebbly sandstone Canning Basin? Paterson Fm? Pollock Hills
165.1 406 3.3 23.47 1.72 0.097 0.385 57.27 1 pebbly sandstone Canning Basin? Paterson Fm? Pollock Hills
10.16 21.13 3.45 3.99 0.293 0.028 0.0046 9.82 1 pebbly sandstone Canning Basin? Paterson Fm? Pollock Hills
128.6 375.5 3.95 15.92 6.4 12.71 99.3 17.62 1 pebbly sandstone Canning Basin? Paterson Fm? Pollock Hills
80.4 440.9 19.7 49.7 23.2 22.08 84.8 36.8 1 pebbly sandstone Canning Basin? Paterson Fm? Pollock Hills
95.74 687 23.4 57 30.34 45.36 173.3 27.79 1 pebbly sandstone Canning Basin? Paterson Fm? Pollock Hills
80.67 256 18.4 25.4 17.9 17.6 23 8.65 1 pebbly sandstone Canning Basin? Paterson Fm? Pollock Hills
79.5 223 2.4 3.47 1.46 2.09 14.46 4.28 1 pebbly sandstone Canning Basin? Paterson Fm? Pollock Hills
135.5 539 16.3 27.9 21.8 25.4 69.9 11 1 pebbly sandstone Canning Basin? Paterson Fm? Pollock Hills
92.6 48.1 2.85 5.99 3.18 3.69 12.29 3.08 1 pebbly sandstone Canning Basin? Paterson Fm? Pollock Hills
110.3 327.1 164 290.5 195.5 197.3 261 224.9 1 pebbly sandstone Canning Basin? Paterson Fm? Pollock Hills
135.3 611 23.5 38.8 25.6 45.8 339.9 34.55 1 pebbly sandstone Canning Basin? Paterson Fm? Pollock Hills
21.8 83.7 3.1 16.1 5.5 4.8 7.74 25 1 pebbly sandstone Canning Basin? Paterson Fm? Pollock Hills
125 269 3.8 26.8 5.94 7.48 30.1 20.2 1 pebbly sandstone Canning Basin? Paterson Fm? Pollock Hills
297.6 1504 55.5 74.5 60 63.7 159.2 43 1 pebbly sandstone Canning Basin? Paterson Fm? Pollock Hills
63.24 711 2.35 2.65 2.97 2.62 0.88 0.075 1 pebbly sandstone Canning Basin? Paterson Fm? Pollock Hills
200.4 88 14.1 15.6 15.1 15.6 64.7 4.94 1 pebbly sandstone Canning Basin? Paterson Fm? Pollock Hills
2.152 49 7.9 20.5 8.6 7.4 3.3 26.72 1 pebbly sandstone Canning Basin? Paterson Fm? Pollock Hills
149.7 149.3 3 25.2 8.61 15.08 60.3 31.02 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
63.09 437 28.4 198.7 48 80.4 367.2 326.4 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
116.8 327 17.8 232.2 37.8 50 224.8 412.2 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
596.8 345 252 343 281 331 418.4 63 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
208.6 1751 5.5 17.3 7.19 8.44 6 17.42 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
7092 11620 5 10.02 1.19 0.472 2.23 15.45 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
172.7 329 23.2 76.2 29.8 37.3 85.9 102.8 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu HillsAppendix D J.K. P ORTER 393Appendix D  Table 1 Page 5 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file Mg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf
143783 143783R - 7.d 426 1780 8810 1.75 225 6.94 605600 920 733 3260 2.15 36.2 13.9 34.8 497 1930 4.6 134.2 45 19
143783 143783R - 8.d 737 2880 9100 2.95 611 28.1 603900 551 70.1 3430 1.58 6.91 6.3 143.5 731 2423 4.78 162.5 11.32 47.8
143783 143783R - 9.d 481 2470 17000 4.4 430 12.6 600400 501 960 2690 1.4 21.2 9 42.7 38 940 1.55 119.8 24.9 1.55
143783 143783R - 10.d 465 2070 7160 4 410 30 602000 549.9 542 1723 0.41 34 10.1 13.94 557.3 1035 1.91 154.9 6.59 26.1
143783 143783R - 11.d 416 2069 28100 3.3 670 26.6 602200 1532 1373 3070 1.71 17.2 13.8 48.5 171 1068 2.9 426 73.9 4.9
143783 143783R - 12.d 566 2990 6000 1.9 265 56.7 606200 357 104.6 2770 0.65 24 11 5.88 1193 1118 18.5 13.2 4 33
143783 143783R - 13.d 1110 4600 17600 3.9 235 14.9 604400 569.9 725 4840 5.8 118 15 19.7 1050 864 168.5 97.6 89.8 25
143783 143783R - 14.d 372 1161 490 2.94 135 13.49 601300 417 317 990 0.74 7.07 7 1.5 273.7 2418 16.3 13.74 5.91 20.9
143783 143783R - 15.d 817 7900 46200 8.5 415 40.3 601900 301.8 143 4320 5.6 80.1 15 31.2 294 606 11.9 25.9 21.9 11.3
143783 143783R - 16.d 476 3610 33600 4.9 2020 56.1 602500 468.5 84.4 22310 4.8 44.5 73.3 230.6 692 11010 2.64 215 6.99 13.2
143783 143783R - 17.d 1590 4480 44900 9.7 2280 21.5 603600 264 77.2 20500 11.1 182 744 25.32 2467 2140 57.3 78.3 6.5 64.6
143783 143783R - 18.d 268.1 338 1680 3.65 140 7.98 605700 3944 1201 306 0.62 6.08 5.5 0.779 14.19 1774 69.2 464 90.1 1.19
143783 143783R - 19.d 276 550 29800 3.01 130 27.4 605800 223.5 116.9 5880 0.61 2.6 4.4 11.89 457.9 1928 4.81 17.9 21.1 20
143783 143783R - 20.d 279.6 490 26700 1.35 130 1.3 604700 9.11 6.2 3380 0.9 2.41 5.1 0.68 78.3 1482 0.285 11.73 0.76 6.64
143783 143783R - 21.d 362.8 2070 6750 1.97 244 2.27 604000 111.1 525.3 2488 1.71 25.2 13.6 5.22 28.5 2345 10.8 55.5 28.2 2.86
143783 143783R - 22.d 794 8860 69000 1.65 3450 83.6 607200 1199 90.9 44000 6.6 13 11.7 33.4 1930 385.7 2.47 32.5 14.7 52.2
143783 143783R - 23.d 593 2960 7870 4.9 250 11.22 603400 145.9 78.5 5190 3.4 14.4 10.6 31.5 123.2 3545 12.8 34.8 437 4.58
143783 143783R - 24.d 326.1 760 800 3 180 14.8 603900 1962 1740 961 0.65 15.4 7 4.21 46.41 1600 9.3 278.8 82.9 4.13
143783 143783R - 25.d 668 4890 10200 4 500 12 600000 205.7 318 6890 2.25 48.1 13.4 48.5 49.9 1574 42.5 46.9 46.7 2.6
143783 R10 - 16.d 582 4100 23500 3.74 155 20.9 603600 75.7 18.5 3400 2.7 19.1 8.1 11.17 286.8 832.3 1.18 12.7 5.26 10.95
143783 143783R - 27.d 249 280 750 2.05 245 33.8 601100 802 142.5 4860 0.7 4.63 5.4 24.54 9.52 163 0.69 16.3 4.25 0.45
143783 143783R - 28.d 607 5100 9800 3.46 439 19.05 603400 3835 1258 1282 4.9 12.1 11.3 20.3 99 3836 63.8 357.8 57.1 12.8
143783 143783R - 29.d 248.7 175.4 24200 3.61 90 2.68 603600 85.6 14.1 4110 0.24 1.86 4.03 0.555 93.9 1370 11 7.47 11.37 5.08
143783 143783R - 30.d 2320 32400 43400 3.3 1010 37.5 603200 1213 1292 2700 11 85 11.9 265 1430 704 65.8 267.6 81.4 38.6
143783 143783R - 31.d 1101 14660 79700 3.65 3760 33.7 599900 427 159.1 39900 6.3 39.3 34.9 89 192.4 12640 0.76 227 7.8 4.9
143783 143783MS - 1.d 6500 36200 88900 1.95 2030 70.5 601900 216.3 813 7600 12.1 48.7 29.4 100.6 1300 957 0.54 93.5 81.8 33.2
143783 143783MS - 2.d 493 3720 13300 3.12 885 54.9 606700 426.9 1283 5310 1.96 5.8 29.8 101.4 192.9 5403 19.3 753 229.7 13.67
143783 143783MS - 3.d 212.6 1058 3650 4.49 589 41.35 603400 2224 1291 2485 0.86 27.7 21.8 58.18 86.1 1598 4.55 430.6 33.8 5.18
143783 143783MS - 4.d 899 8790 84200 4.8 3770 31.57 602200 362 89.6 33970 3.55 8.06 15.7 27.61 260.5 3648 102.8 84.9 33.5 14.38
143783 143783MS - 5.d 185.6 198.4 2190 2.91 267 13.61 602700 563.9 1814 1105 0.61 2.56 14 17.17 392.9 2754 63.8 146.1 68.1 19.86
143783 143783MS - 6.d 169.5 1067 1910 2.57 60 95.9 606400 3289 691 4759 0.245 6 5.2 0.54 590 17670 8.01 292.8 2.5 29.86
143783 143783MS - 7.d 446 4730 6800 3.14 502 12.74 601100 1024 531 2010 1.09 2.87 8.4 68.5 24.3 4440 3.65 130.5 15.91 1.15
143783 143783MS - 8.d 309 1072 2890 2.58 201 13.72 602700 639 1829 662 0.64 14.2 7.67 2.48 74 1451 21.4 72.1 25.7 6.51
143783 143783MS - 9.d 326 3290 24800 2.88 313 7.92 599200 1164 1950 4460 2.4 62 126 3.08 33.3 1986 79.1 109.6 62.5 1.54
143783 143783MS - 10.d 234.2 590 3980 2.66 369 18.29 604800 1237 347.3 810 0.67 5.38 9.48 8.13 2048 915 3.93 47.7 15.93 28.35
143783 143783MS - 11.d 231.8 602 1630 2.66 367 27.12 602400 2836 2956 668 0.74 11.7 9.39 4.3 450.5 2065 53.2 452.4 133.9 21.06
143783 143783MS - 12.d 267.3 982 2240 2.92 254 40.73 604200 1438 806 1434 0.42 2.68 5.48 3.76 111.38 2259 7.13 123 12.09 13.02
143783 143783MS - 13.d 315 2350 20800 2.88 602 13.58 600100 1425 913 10830 2.34 22.5 7.51 2.17 63.1 2405 68.7 195.7 91.5 3.33
143783 143783MS - 14.d 517 4290 44400 3.17 1970 79.9 604700 296 118.2 12650 5.6 26.2 146 7.53 232 1794 12.7 78.1 4.42 8.98
143783 143783MS - 15.d 1087 7240 36800 7.9 10200 223 601500 200 127 21500 6.2 341 2290 780 12700 2810 0.88 46.6 5.61 306
143783 143783MS - 16.d 308 4090 9820 2.64 192 4.25 603400 225.9 124.8 3900 1.44 20.7 10.7 29.7 111 2504 11.7 116.2 284 5.7394 J.K. P ORTERAppendix D  Table 1 Page 6 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file
143783 143783R - 7.d
143783 143783R - 8.d
143783 143783R - 9.d
143783 143783R - 10.d
143783 143783R - 11.d
143783 143783R - 12.d
143783 143783R - 13.d
143783 143783R - 14.d
143783 143783R - 15.d
143783 143783R - 16.d
143783 143783R - 17.d
143783 143783R - 18.d
143783 143783R - 19.d
143783 143783R - 20.d
143783 143783R - 21.d
143783 143783R - 22.d
143783 143783R - 23.d
143783 143783R - 24.d
143783 143783R - 25.d
143783 R10 - 16.d
143783 143783R - 27.d
143783 143783R - 28.d
143783 143783R - 29.d
143783 143783R - 30.d
143783 143783R - 31.d
143783 143783MS - 1.d
143783 143783MS - 2.d
143783 143783MS - 3.d
143783 143783MS - 4.d
143783 143783MS - 5.d
143783 143783MS - 6.d
143783 143783MS - 7.d
143783 143783MS - 8.d
143783 143783MS - 9.d
143783 143783MS - 10.d
143783 143783MS - 11.d
143783 143783MS - 12.d
143783 143783MS - 13.d
143783 143783MS - 14.d
143783 143783MS - 15.d
143783 143783MS - 16.dTa W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Th U Group C Rocktype Rock Unit
107.3 427 6.5 36 18.8 33.4 137.8 26.65 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
180.9 285.9 16.5 32 20.78 26.36 71.2 26.3 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
120.1 586 7 23.2 7.88 11.18 45.6 34.72 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
61.5 478 7 73.1 13.94 21.18 111.6 118.3 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
89.8 481 19 40.8 16.4 35.6 188.5 48.88 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
74.9 196 52 66.4 53.4 56 19 16.35 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
109.2 1020 7.5 53.3 20.8 22.5 47.4 74.7 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
185.1 117.3 2.55 5.62 2.5 3.8 14.82 6.85 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
50.9 807 58 75.3 48.9 55.5 53.1 40.2 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
661.1 641 158 223 168.9 203.5 473 55 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
104.8 553 153 192.3 153.9 156.2 120.5 44.8 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
150.1 838 4.65 11.2 3.9 4.21 6.24 16.04 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
481.6 120.8 4.05 19.8 8.36 13.54 65.9 30.68 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
137.7 12.9 5.5 3.93 3.85 4.01 2.65 0.529 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
134.7 527 26 56.2 22.1 28.2 70.8 72.5 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
31.54 127 152 170 148.6 170 471.7 1.51 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
196.3 895 51 268.8 67.9 87.1 269.5 403.2 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
133 661 11.5 62.1 11.04 12.81 47.64 105.6 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
159.1 577 255 418 273 303 235.9 266 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
163 365 6 10.71 6.74 8.06 15.1 8.54 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
29.9 48.8 10.5 5.88 2.94 6.28 30.4 4.85 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
242.1 820 15.1 25.39 16.24 18.89 24.7 18.87 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
146.8 30.4 3.85 3.34 2.07 2.43 10.22 2.64 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
62.1 1100 14.5 121.6 24.5 24.5 55.6 234 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
921 1013 141 277 179 206 399 146.8 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
50.1 450 40 92.5 44.2 73.2 416 58.3 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
206.3 1231 7.5 56.2 14.33 21.72 70.9 58.4 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
62.3 546 47.6 108.3 55.8 106.5 470 71.5 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
154.2 292.2 132.5 153.2 129.8 143.1 355.8 11.76 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
155.6 528.5 13.7 58.1 15.05 38.7 259.2 79.58 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
4882 9711 12.1 19.9 8.7 9.7 8.7 14.73 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
760 381 12.1 31.1 16.3 17.7 23.8 27.22 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
87.3 226.9 6 23 7.81 12.1 44.6 20.8 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
102.8 515 92 116 100 104 33.4 15.08 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
43.66 135 3.1 29.1 8.84 14.6 60.87 35.04 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
88.6 563.2 9.9 40.5 14.3 15.82 29.43 35.7 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
136.5 142.5 3.15 25.47 5.36 10.91 64.9 35.05 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
119.9 234.3 35.2 90.3 40 40.9 55.7 76 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
86 287 80 100.6 83.9 98.5 169.5 12.9 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
107.7 328 153 174 148 157 366 64.3 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
135.2 414 5.8 12.88 5 7.2 24.1 13.56 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu HillsAppendix D J.K. P ORTER 395Appendix D  Table 1 Page 7 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file Mg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf
143783 143783MS - 17.d 3660 10900 46400 5.09 1741 82.8 603800 273.7 132 8450 24.1 42.6 38.9 25 1934 1909 6.78 4.63 13.12 38.75
143783 143783MS - 18.d 864 2740 9580 4.46 440 7.24 602900 292.5 190.8 3350 2.85 53.5 31.9 9.79 41.8 2103 1 75.2 59.5 2.26
143783 143783MS - 19.d 186.5 547 1640 2.66 304 31.46 604500 2200 1000 513 0.105 2.59 8.05 4.68 95 2409 2.56 154.3 4.67 9.23
143783 143783MS - 20.d 907 8400 70500 3.08 3132 67.9 602200 319.7 73.7 16470 6.88 17.45 62.2 97.3 326.3 2737 28.1 106.9 6.38 13.67
143783 143783MS - 21.d 1080 31300 110000 4.3 910 57.3 600600 616 136 12410 4.71 97 26.9 24.4 859 3560 127 81.6 7.29 26.9
143783 143783MS - 22.d 268 2680 9010 2.39 296 40.75 598900 1653 838 6980 2.84 40.2 22.3 10.7 97 1614 11.13 481 64.5 5.39
143783 143783MS - 23.d 166.6 587 2370 2.5 221 139.1 604600 249 53.3 3859 0.36 4.05 6.13 24.7 616 2670 4.92 97.4 21.8 30.4
143783 143783MS - 24.d 831 10450 65000 4.2 3240 34.1 598400 249 151.4 35700 11.6 81 93 232.1 284.5 6410 12.4 195.9 7 7.29
143783 143783MS - 25.d 156 730 6490 3.08 114 27.1 607100 10.23 34.33 3585 0.27 2.87 5.68 16.6 148.1 5448 5.26 50.7 1.46 7.28
143783 143783MS - 26.d 169.4 768 3220 2.52 1306 27.32 603600 8.04 22.23 3362 0.155 3.14 7.51 242.8 95.1 4800 0.88 25.13 2 5.54
143783 143783MS - 27.d 1700 12340 107600 6.53 3370 35.9 598500 313 83.3 22850 12.9 151.4 515 133 810 5750 68.2 334 11.91 21.2
143783 143783MS - 28.d 269.2 531 2100 2.56 445 14.9 607300 819 901 4040 0.35 3.19 7.8 9.16 177 1720 6.56 69.6 27.6 8.6
143783 143783MS - 30.d 223.5 662 4160 2.74 717 18.5 602500 386.6 3855 2194 0.97 19.4 38.5 39.04 494.1 416 10.82 352.7 1200 12.14
143783 143783MS - 31.d 732 7820 70900 4 3480 91.6 598800 312.6 173 12870 5.2 33.8 28.6 8.98 145.2 1842 15.2 72 6.85 6.19
143783 143783MS - 32.d 159.3 420 2820 2.05 43 7.03 597600 41.94 49.6 5820 0.08 5.5 4.62 2.21 45.9 3262 48.4 34.3 32.8 4.4
143783 143783MS - 33.d 952 11190 49800 4.1 2880 45.7 599200 413.1 203.9 50800 20.4 164.7 519 8.32 337.1 4537 36.6 231.3 8.43 10.78
143783 143783MS - 34.d 316 797 1550 2.25 106 5.48 600000 1565 2200 4510 0.4 3.05 5.85 0.197 14.43 2353 43.1 74.7 75.8 2.13
143783 143783MS - 35.d 1480 13600 5700000 14 5400 93 598100 204 230 9000 8 10.8 0.415 320 472 1680 0.9 19.5 16.4 16.5
143783 143783MS - 36.d 291 1900 64700 2.66 306 6.62 605900 787 855 5190 0.49 10.33 7.9 5.27 20.56 1850 110 91.1 21.21 1.34
143783 143783MS - 37.d 221.4 2290 5630 3.46 264 12.47 603300 423 128.3 3710 0.6 32.4 11.1 16.8 29.2 840 0.08 32.6 3.97 1.44
143783 143783MS - 38.d 396 2300 5700 4.8 580 49.7 598300 515 802 2270 0.65 21.3 7.5 29.4 206.6 2280 40 201 567 16.8
143783 143783MS - 39.d 169 990 2400 9.2 55 4.6 597000 761 660 2030 1.5 20.5 7.9 1.27 73.5 105 0.31 124 8.7 0.79
143783 143783MS - 40.d 399 2520 5350 3.25 384 28.53 601100 109.4 15.6 2329 2.19 21.4 14.5 23.04 1040 3311 5.69 12.87 4.27 39.6
143783 143783MS - 41.d 159.9 1331 2070 1.15 120 7.78 604600 805 922 234 0.3 10.81 4.27 0.327 13.1 108.9 0.08 4.73 2 0.67
143783 143783M - 1.d 2770 38700 48200 3.3 862 47.7 598600 779 1513 7040 4.54 26.1 11.8 16.6 212 1495 52.2 148.1 259.1 9.4
143783 143783M - 2.d 641.6 8330 71600 2.64 3193 14 601900 284.8 180.3 31170 10.57 271.4 2020 18.03 144.7 318.1 12.45 52.5 8.28 5.23
143783 143783M - 3.d 298 14700 20100 4.9 830 14.6 599800 81 123 3380 1.8 25.3 16.1 61.7 153.8 1013 2.32 13.7 7.9 9.7
143783 143783M - 4.d 328 2790 9660 4.25 1400 67.5 605900 161.3 60.9 22830 6.57 103.2 57.7 69.2 283 7430 25.7 136.8 12.39 7.01
143783 143783M - 5.d 975 7910 124200 5.08 2223 52.7 597300 253.6 211.5 17200 6.45 31.9 12.9 28.8 738 9830 77.7 166.7 55.1 37.7
143783 143783M - 6.d 172.8 1005 5050 1.62 41.5 16.38 598700 1906 2487 2044 0.25 4.67 4.25 0.628 138.3 5270 0.022 102.6 3.18 18.55
143783 143783M - 8.d 262 2640 14100 2.73 133 8.16 606600 147.9 63.5 6175 0.85 14.63 10.7 9.46 480 1959 17.5 45.9 26.8 14.9
143783 143783M - 9.d 366 1610 15100 2.74 191 55.5 603500 786 996 1248 0.93 16.78 7.16 161 54000 2054 21 398 116.5 840
143783 143783M - 10.d 183.8 343 2910 2.32 253 55.6 603700 311.5 66.6 23080 0.9 6.03 7 33.5 900 1031 1.82 9.79 14.63 24.8
143783 143783M - 11.d 254 1132 3040 2.69 820 201.3 603800 718 50.9 548 0.65 4.25 4.61 70.4 592 130.8 0.77 37.9 4.73 21.2
143783 143783M - 12.d 3990 15970 66400 4.28 2910 53.4 599100 623.3 169 14810 20.8 57.9 49.9 16.34 4851 373 11.4 36.7 10.24 65.2
143783 143783M - 13.d 341 1540 5560 2.4 490 69.1 601100 857 263.2 4770 0.84 20.4 13.96 34.98 16.7 3633 1.23 167.2 20.04 0.97
143783 143783M - 14.d 270.5 317 2930 2.23 332 18.68 604900 3077 1603 463 0.54 2.56 8.18 1.239 35.5 1959 328.3 574 105.4 2.06
143783 143783M - 15.d 1810 11700 165000 4.47 3350 70.3 605000 346.2 158.6 15800 8.1 109 180 165.7 343 1190 5.57 28.6 34.5 8.15
143783 143783M - 16.d 2739 5880 58600 3.26 2590 67.7 607000 973 113.6 15510 50.8 33.9 240 3.96 2730 97 4.08 29.2 3.7 43.2
143783 143783M - 17.d 664 4520 28860 3.15 2060 53.13 602800 516.9 253.3 12450 2.9 12.65 11.9 95.2 215.7 1463 214.2 163.8 7.73 6.82
143783 143783M - 18.d 276.1 2688 11080 3.93 860 49.3 594700 229 130 39280 14.2 54.6 154.8 54 252.8 13070 2.86 568 12.06 5.56396 J.K. P ORTERAppendix D  Table 1 Page 8 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file
143783 143783MS - 17.d
143783 143783MS - 18.d
143783 143783MS - 19.d
143783 143783MS - 20.d
143783 143783MS - 21.d
143783 143783MS - 22.d
143783 143783MS - 23.d
143783 143783MS - 24.d
143783 143783MS - 25.d
143783 143783MS - 26.d
143783 143783MS - 27.d
143783 143783MS - 28.d
143783 143783MS - 30.d
143783 143783MS - 31.d
143783 143783MS - 32.d
143783 143783MS - 33.d
143783 143783MS - 34.d
143783 143783MS - 35.d
143783 143783MS - 36.d
143783 143783MS - 37.d
143783 143783MS - 38.d
143783 143783MS - 39.d
143783 143783MS - 40.d
143783 143783MS - 41.d
143783 143783M - 1.d
143783 143783M - 2.d
143783 143783M - 3.d
143783 143783M - 4.d
143783 143783M - 5.d
143783 143783M - 6.d
143783 143783M - 8.d
143783 143783M - 9.d
143783 143783M - 10.d
143783 143783M - 11.d
143783 143783M - 12.d
143783 143783M - 13.d
143783 143783M - 14.d
143783 143783M - 15.d
143783 143783M - 16.d
143783 143783M - 17.d
143783 143783M - 18.dTa W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Th U Group C Rocktype Rock Unit
31.21 3220 156 184.2 151.9 162.9 66.27 47.7 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
108.6 722 39.4 89.2 43.9 48.7 44.1 64.4 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
155.9 153.5 2.2 29.6 5.4 6.83 24.7 42.3 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
163.6 137.7 188 220.1 193.3 215.4 401.4 15.52 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
110 920 62 86 72.1 83.6 100.5 5.97 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
56 594 31.4 73 33.1 42.6 75.1 54.3 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
84.4 333 7 13.11 7.39 10.44 31.4 9.4 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
385 799 169 253 199 227 476 59.4 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
82.7 351.5 55 56.3 52.6 54.2 6.27 4.54 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
166.1 381.7 656 679 674 678 4.02 11.66 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
200.9 825 524 610 539 563 417 101.9 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
68.8 108.5 2.35 9.07 3.31 5.3 25.1 11.1 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
21.05 243.2 40.2 110.9 49 55.7 123.1 121.6 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
69.9 209 63.3 84.2 74.8 80.9 192.6 3.87 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
239.3 84.6 2.25 11.65 3.68 5.09 15.55 13.18 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
349.5 423 146 176.8 155.5 171.7 212.6 9.01 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
129.9 117.5 3.9 3.91 2.43 2.51 1.2 3.16 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
517 405 120 39 26.5 39 131 61 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
98.9 215.4 6.9 26.91 10.5 11.39 25.1 32.24 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
118.4 269 12.8 17.9 13.9 20.3 58.6 3.42 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
99 719 63 91.1 42.1 47.5 88.5 85 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
6.9 286 2.7 7.7 5.1 6 9.1 0.99 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
298.6 159 44.2 192.7 49.1 53.2 104.8 238.9 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
9.78 63 5 6 5.12 6.3 4.84 0.276 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
87.5 497 36 95.9 48.4 58.6 96.3 89.9 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
28.72 209.7 217 243.1 213.1 225.1 174 24.41 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
109.7 184 17 17.9 12.7 18.1 49.8 5.47 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
344.2 ####### 274 419 299 381 532.6 156.9 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
315.6 515 98 163.2 109.3 125.9 293.8 89.9 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
241.1 197.4 4.8 6.12 4.38 5.14 8.66 3.02 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
123.6 240.5 9.6 14.94 10.59 14.52 34.7 5.36 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
73.64 1128 6.9 35.5 8.59 14.8 96.5 36.1 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
18.98 227.9 358 388.4 373.4 384.7 115.2 30.77 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
8.45 272 19.2 30.88 22.77 24.7 21.07 10.35 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
26.2 1400 54.6 77.3 60.5 66.7 94.3 16.8 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
211.8 310 11.1 23.64 13.04 19.76 60.41 16.78 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
76.94 469.7 5.8 64.5 8.25 4.57 6.85 114.6 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
61.8 801 326 385.6 332.4 398.6 979 25.9 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
7.7 902 62.4 66.1 57.8 65.8 95.1 1.83 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
51.35 1310 756 929 808 875 1069 272.7 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
1386 1394 131.4 178.7 143.2 162.7 298 25.6 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu HillsAppendix D J.K. P ORTER 397Appendix D  Table 1 Page 9 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file Mg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf
143783 143783M - 19.d 647 14700 32400 2.67 890 39.6 602200 88.8 201.4 8600 6.05 59.1 19.5 187 1230 2718 102.3 86.9 101 25.5
143783 143783M - 20.d 312.8 2250 6300 2.68 537 25.7 600500 186 188 2072 0.305 13.8 8.5 37.1 690 2463 1.56 26.6 13.2 22.3
143783 143783M - 21.d 698 7060 62600 4.1 3030 44.3 599500 230.7 99.2 27000 7.9 365 1470 15.97 109.3 8550 1.96 88.1 5.41 2.89
143783 143783M - 22.d 625 19200 171000 4.6 290 15.6 599900 1053 1270 2880 1.98 31.7 8.5 21.5 236 1620 9.5 103.5 38.2 16.1
143783 143783M - 23.d 158.8 242.9 19600 2.45 536 48.11 602600 1883 1094 2805 0.45 12.27 9.49 32.21 22.13 3515 0.044 690 25.55 0.82
143783 143783M - 24.d 2640 5920 62700 3.7 3030 101.2 596900 201.2 58.6 20730 11.02 252 1364 30.1 150.4 4128 11.1 214.3 8 4.43
143783 143783M - 25.d 879 5830 45350 3.51 3190 86.5 597700 238.9 160.1 135500 5.81 8.7 212 11.52 189.9 4615 24.3 84 17.54 7.02
143783 143783M - 26.d 1302 4690 20200 4.23 788 27.5 600000 1165 1783 6720 6.17 35.4 17.9 18.1 2200 2660 4.68 107 56.5 42
143783 143783M - 27.d 430 3660 19900 2.91 960 90.9 605700 43.8 18 3090 1.09 18.4 14.9 141.4 151 2616 22.3 56.7 2.91 13.66
143783 143783M - 28.d 786 10060 15600 3.21 487 44.68 602400 253.1 64.7 7560 1.83 16.7 12.1 87.3 948 10280 54.4 74.6 0.91 38.6
143783 143783M - 29.d 562 5960 66800 3.48 2650 27.2 603500 264.7 47.6 18470 7.28 13.12 202 11.2 217.1 6272 80.5 93.3 6.79 8.9
143783 143783M - 30.d 2213 6260 61500 3.94 2527 49.9 601400 231.8 61.5 15830 6.97 56.7 30.4 50.5 306 3802 12.4 83 6.13 12.48
143783 143783M - 31.d 438 4280 39900 3.02 1726 60.8 603200 885.3 201.8 9820 1.89 11.97 11.3 123.8 920 9450 37.4 444 17.61 22.7
143783 143783M - 32.d 252.8 352 1060 2.49 489 70.3 602700 3844 3559 700 0.62 14.57 18.6 3.44 37.79 1668 5.51 1001 87.7 3.01
143783 143783M - 33.d 240.7 1280 3780 1.97 466 68.3 603800 487 206.7 1320 0.13 4.76 5.36 24.87 525 1935 0.31 92.4 5.12 26.4
143783 143783M - 34.d 633 644 2170 2.22 488 2.99 603800 240.3 436 3013 0.98 5.9 26.4 18.05 27.32 3260 1.02 93.6 14.6 2.88
143783 143783M - 35.d 340.3 1067 2750 2.85 236 3.87 601500 887 2153 813 0.69 14.3 12.35 1.87 37.49 2509 6.07 52.5 39.8 5.15
143783 143783M - 36.d 820 9100 29800 2.76 125 6.39 602600 131.9 171.5 4300 1.97 21.7 6.92 11.17 13.97 1898 45.1 47.2 36.3 1.01
143783 143783M - 37.d 268 266 1220 2.26 47.5 2.6 604900 6.38 5 591 0.08 1.79 4.76 0.329 25.8 1951 0.025 0.392 0.34 1.43
143783 143783M - 38.d 727 11700 64000 17.6 1100 35 602500 1086 457 4060 2.07 92.3 28.6 133 128 1111 1.65 173.1 38.5 3.52
143783 143783M - 39.d 1985 12440 26400 3.04 700 41.5 596100 1409 1906 3480 9.6 68.7 22.1 16.39 99.1 2245 0.6 378 8.97 9.44
143783 143783M - 40.d 440 3990 34900 1.73 1838 42.52 602600 285.2 61.9 19790 4.58 18.9 94.9 232.7 222.8 7808 36.5 136.9 7.31 7.26
143783 143783M - 41.d 750 9200 29300 3.99 1145 72.6 603500 1358 184.2 16750 6.99 75.4 53.9 70.6 381.2 4727 5.38 114.7 33.7 8.57
143783 143783M - 42.d 2260 24600 104800 5.8 3120 25.7 598500 205.6 227 25900 20.7 106.4 383 28.19 293 3151 25 89.8 11.55 9.38
143783 143783M - 43.d 961 17560 85100 4.45 3800 72.8 599100 738 107.1 21250 15.14 25.4 39.6 27.8 2073 493 5.45 28 10.81 45.4
143783 143783M - 44.d 212.6 2390 5450 3.8 723 55 602300 128.4 72.5 10100 1.91 28.2 19.1 248 127.1 10360 21.6 475 131.3 6.34
143783 143783M - 45.d 192.7 910 45500 2.77 309 25.09 601800 3234 1644 1029 0.58 5.75 6.8 21.69 47.74 3094 33.4 509 11.93 4.89
143783 143783M - 46.d 241.4 1151 4810 2.38 432 22.19 607100 1789 1464 1772 1.04 16.9 7.94 7.2 97.7 1685 6.67 210.9 61.7 5.11
143783 143783M - 47.d 258 2390 296000 3.96 970 72.2 603400 759 704 3440 1.15 14.4 12.2 108.4 525.5 1211 15.9 123.3 28.6 18.57
143783 143783M - 48.d 487 2730 16200 3.64 416 31.26 601700 814 412 1491 1.12 12.36 8.82 2.52 310.2 835 33.1 64.8 174.4 19.83
143783 143783M - 49.d 1610 20400 63800 5.83 2510 87.6 601100 213.5 137.1 10330 12.8 63.4 20.8 92.5 4030 467.6 17.8 33.8 25 78.9
143783 143783M - 50.d 246 2054 6010 3.24 503 49.21 604400 325 104.5 23940 6.03 74.9 104 6.3 213.4 4013 33.4 123.6 8.78 5.91
143783 143783M - 51.d 243.5 1020 2320 2.56 258 18 605900 806 1259 652 0.39 6.03 6.27 25.8 2090 1792 14.71 77.9 20.51 55.5
143783 143783M - 52.d 313 1450 8900 2.49 143 3.59 602600 21.6 9.9 4841 0.38 8.6 6.22 1.89 44.31 2159 1.67 2.57 9.93 2.2
143783 143783M - 53.d 2860 13300 70200 5.28 4018 62.7 604200 965 290.7 59700 56.1 93 890 16.55 1328 188.8 5.87 42.7 6.61 29.98
143783 143783M - 54.d 1700 18800 81600 10.1 3640 51.8 602200 431.3 106.1 26860 8.61 34.8 98.4 237.7 542 6110 43.3 99.9 8.64 23.1
143783 143783M - 55.d 708 7790 70600 4.3 2990 67.9 603900 431.6 210.9 18550 11.2 87.5 529 3.3 376.8 982 13.6 56.8 4.64 30.9
143783 143783M - 56.d 412 1560 1970 1.78 47.5 14.59 601700 1027 542 1043 0.24 2.36 4.81 0.242 65.5 1729 0.017 58.3 0.309 8.7
143783 143783M - 57.d 322 2480 5930 2.71 424 23.28 601700 459.6 604.5 2171 0.58 14.7 13.6 5.36 58 844 6.25 35.1 18.28 2.46
143783 143783M - 59.d 1803 15600 209000 4.02 795 92.7 601800 1000 666 7680 6.19 62.3 27.6 235 3890 1988 56.2 207 141 119
143783 143783M - 60.d 177 390 1990 1.28 42.5 21.4 598800 537 184.1 3942 0.35 7.7 5.29 7.3 142 1464 0.42 83.3 8.29 9398 J.K. P ORTERAppendix D  Table 1 Page 10 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file
143783 143783M - 19.d
143783 143783M - 20.d
143783 143783M - 21.d
143783 143783M - 22.d
143783 143783M - 23.d
143783 143783M - 24.d
143783 143783M - 25.d
143783 143783M - 26.d
143783 143783M - 27.d
143783 143783M - 28.d
143783 143783M - 29.d
143783 143783M - 30.d
143783 143783M - 31.d
143783 143783M - 32.d
143783 143783M - 33.d
143783 143783M - 34.d
143783 143783M - 35.d
143783 143783M - 36.d
143783 143783M - 37.d
143783 143783M - 38.d
143783 143783M - 39.d
143783 143783M - 40.d
143783 143783M - 41.d
143783 143783M - 42.d
143783 143783M - 43.d
143783 143783M - 44.d
143783 143783M - 45.d
143783 143783M - 46.d
143783 143783M - 47.d
143783 143783M - 48.d
143783 143783M - 49.d
143783 143783M - 50.d
143783 143783M - 51.d
143783 143783M - 52.d
143783 143783M - 53.d
143783 143783M - 54.d
143783 143783M - 55.d
143783 143783M - 56.d
143783 143783M - 57.d
143783 143783M - 59.d
143783 143783M - 60.dTa W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Th U Group C Rocktype Rock Unit
159.4 609 26.5 78 27.3 30.8 68 81 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
157.3 360 34.6 77.7 39.34 56 136.6 59.1 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
329.6 266 170 167 151 157 146.8 15.8 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
78.4 487 12.5 18.3 8.9 11.5 36.9 15.1 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
230 370.2 12.2 33.72 13.96 33.97 210.4 38.85 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
185.4 334 250 308 262 274 251.7 36.33 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
136.8 272 937 1099 1032 1085 557 66.1 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
136 531 17.8 41.8 18.77 24.74 64.5 36.1 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
170 757 50 69.9 62.6 66.2 21.7 8.43 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
318.6 1059 49.1 74.4 60.3 87.1 178.6 18.96 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
259.5 209.4 172 205.2 184.7 200.3 207.5 8.35 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
84.5 1104 122 151.1 125.1 141.1 260.5 27.02 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
720 1193 203 270.5 212.4 253.7 619.6 75.2 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
71.1 528 15.2 29.72 14.76 17.85 27 24.26 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
53.49 101.9 6.6 10.35 6.05 8.06 23.07 8.8 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
196 529.7 2.05 32.1 6.68 23.37 158.3 43.1 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
155.2 267 3 16.43 6.73 8.79 22.2 16.8 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
142.3 682 3.8 6.48 1.52 2.76 13.08 9.85 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
142.2 9.29 3.2 2.87 2.59 2.71 0.59 0.421 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
71.3 1150 50.3 94.2 61.7 105 353 46.6 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
146.2 985 24.7 58.7 30.2 51.1 166.6 40.14 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
481.9 482 287 355 298.3 336 465.9 54.77 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
279.5 938 252 350 276.8 372 845 21.11 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
37.73 1680 192 253 202 213 167.8 68.7 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
32.39 171.3 201 229.4 199.6 226.1 437.1 11.2 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
2132 296.4 859 1049 893 1009 476 246 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
102.2 1041 11.8 27.07 13.78 26.62 125.2 22.59 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
79.44 340.1 25.1 78.1 29.5 44.8 149 83.5 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
163.2 803 35 78.3 37.1 73.2 455.1 83 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
50.03 170.5 7.8 53.7 11.76 11.86 26.29 80.6 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
126.1 1258 254 339 270 288 324.4 131.2 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
151.1 3580 222 236.8 213.3 220.2 213.7 13.36 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
85.3 143.9 2.2 14.39 4.4 4.78 20.2 23.7 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
184.4 79.5 5.4 6.25 4.06 4.81 9.09 3.75 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
10.3 700 118.8 127.1 114 123.9 174.5 3.18 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
158 849 313 378.9 331.9 370.8 585 37.7 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
48.45 103.1 63.4 71.5 63.5 69.1 127.6 2.48 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
112.3 58.9 2.3 1.31 0.746 0.73 1.4 1.05 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
35.67 168.2 16.7 116.1 26.64 26.16 53.5 154.9 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
154 1890 38.1 144.5 48.8 50.3 170 204 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
98.6 137.9 2.1 12.42 4.95 5.24 12 15.92 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu HillsAppendix D J.K. P ORTER 399Appendix D  Table 1 Page 11 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file Mg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf
143783 143783M - 61.d 255 1296 6900 2.5 175 13.75 600400 1171 470.2 803 0.33 6.57 6.11 2.72 59.9 1669 1.22 72.1 16.66 4.88
143783 143783M - 62.d 1810 15850 23800 2.46 454 71.5 601300 34.8 19.9 3460 8.29 29.6 27.4 25 596 8251 0.24 28.62 0.28 38.9
143783 143783M - 64.d 489 1484 7000 2.44 680 50.7 604700 420.6 498.2 3131 1.96 5.71 7.43 106.9 1080 3926 6.62 26 17.81 38.6
143783 143783M - 65.d 246 2260 15500 2.46 543 58.8 607900 460.9 56.3 1895 0.77 13.78 6.19 46.4 296 2909 0.78 49.7 3.61 17.2
143783 143783M - 66.d 6700 6950 68400 5.8 3330 21.7 596300 188.5 70 14530 26.9 80.6 150 48.1 174 6070 11.5 147.1 4.63 8.1
143783 143783M - 67.d 216.4 450 2370 2.54 160 4.37 603400 289.4 1207 4904 0.43 6.49 6.6 1.173 28.4 1446 1.27 62.5 28.1 2.73
143783 143783M - 68.d 3950 13280 98000 4.29 929 35.5 604000 532.3 210.6 4800 4.32 58.8 22.4 48.2 88.5 1869 2.51 114.6 18.38 5.44
143783 143783M - 69.d 488 4090 20920 4.84 833 23 601200 222 202 24810 6.97 52.5 19.6 38.4 142.8 6240 28.1 599 18.99 6.75
143783 143783M - 70.d 613 6190 63000 3.62 3050 24.08 601500 176.6 41.6 14000 2.39 12 34.4 113.7 147.2 11840 3.46 147.4 10.83 3.49
143783 143783M - 71.d 311 719 2720 3.77 626 16.87 603100 1702 1432 1037 0.77 20.3 17.9 21.46 934 1648 3 321.6 16.53 22.61
143783 143783M - 72.d 157.3 318 2080 3.21 256 40.94 602500 73 57.6 1703 0.12 1.91 4.88 34.1 139.9 4228 1.46 43.7 0.65 11.19
143783 143783M - 73.d 1920 1420 15100 3.47 678 9.59 602700 576.1 179.9 8190 6 13.3 13.3 21.08 56.5 1382 0.96 108 19.42 1.92
143783 143783M - 74.d 623 5020 24100 3.47 479 38.6 599500 372.6 362.7 7250 2.17 16.4 8.8 70.7 880 2558 73.3 86.4 100.8 27.1
143783 143783M - 75.d 150.4 101 1060 1.97 45 38.5 602800 475.1 380.3 2943 0.27 2.17 4.11 0.197 67.4 1818 36 92 62.6 7.38
143783 143783M - 76.d 494 5190 7300 5.12 237 19.62 605000 229.7 65.4 3120 1.3 2.45 7.67 12.59 476 1111.9 1.39 47.6 6.52 18.62
143783 143783M - 77.d 489 2530 44300 3.35 585 57 601300 158 395 3105 1.06 19.1 7.92 122.5 1060 1016 6.23 23.4 208 48.7
143783 143783M - 78.d 214.7 2620 5620 3.59 180 65.8 599700 553 100 2960 0.92 9.83 7.8 7.98 3646 553 25.1 11.8 4.19 79.7
143783 143783M - 79.d 524 4400 8440 2.85 60 5.23 600300 554.5 210 4289 1.33 14.9 5.43 2.49 28.4 1615 10.64 62.7 77.2 1.4
143783 143783M - 80.d 391 4800 11470 2.07 256 32.09 597800 373 67.5 1670 1.51 9.96 5.66 21.5 477 1143 2.67 65.5 3.82 16.9
143783 143783M - 81.d 448 6600 11000 2.74 261 45.3 600900 354.7 187.4 1544 2.29 8.3 7.72 9.05 14.68 1348 13.51 54.9 20.8 0.72
143783 143783M - 82.d 1620 6380 40000 4.38 1327 48.29 604400 271.6 105.9 15280 9.9 72.1 409 8.62 158 2742 36.7 173.5 5.85 10.49
143783 143783M - 83.d 325 3290 3900 5.8 210 157 597900 108.9 161 1290 0.32 32.1 13.4 33.9 455 2070 0.49 68.4 0.98 10.7
143783 143783M - 84.d 750 12120 76300 3.78 3630 40.7 607500 5760 261.1 38500 10.9 36.6 244 18.58 466 1056 11 69.9 12.31 16.6
143783 143783M - 85.d 748 9680 87300 2.78 3740 19.15 603700 309.1 98.2 20040 5.38 11.28 201 21.48 308.3 708 51.7 94.9 6.96 15.51
143783 143783M - 86.d 1695 16420 69900 2.65 2670 34 602100 253.2 146.3 20090 13.4 38.2 55.9 63.77 145.8 4739 10.45 213.8 5.34 5.17
143783 143783M - 87.d 1307 36400 95800 4.4 3290 48.6 604300 565 560 51800 16.2 65.9 24.9 51.2 398.9 7510 50.5 668 64 9.82
143783 143783M - 88.d 396 1100 4120 1.45 115 6.84 602300 396.4 587.2 8960 0.84 3.22 4.72 3.29 28.6 1438 19.3 75.5 50.3 1.03
143783 143783M - 89.d 1016 9970 76800 4.34 4140 27.73 606600 270.3 98.8 41450 10.1 68.2 993 59.2 207.8 8705 2.1 684 10.55 12.36
143783 143783M - 90.d 178.9 181.3 1880 2.42 197 40.9 602200 161 118.3 1697 0.095 6.82 4.83 3.92 1060 1193 7.08 2.44 10.07 24.3
143783 143783M - 91.d 198 629 2100 2.04 50 2.07 604600 61 197.6 3951 0.54 2.86 4.62 0.254 13.59 2012 168.2 47 37.3 1.6
143783 143783M - 92.d 2100 10500 58900 3.62 3190 83.8 603600 315.1 123.8 22860 8.7 75.2 25.4 27.2 267.3 5455 35.7 201.7 10.15 10.45
143783 143783M - 93.d 351 970 3780 2.75 161 45.69 603000 1294 144.5 4844 1.19 14.1 10.8 18.1 14 399 0.004 30.2 2.56 0.78
143783 143783M - 94.d 1035 20900 94800 1.85 3860 39.8 601600 325.4 99.8 34450 11.7 86.7 801 18.27 455.1 5839 77.5 67.6 8.84 15.8
143783 143783M - 95.d 300 1510 4030 1.58 212 23.82 601500 37.4 5.7 1658 1.02 6.6 7.39 9.03 338.8 1589 4.13 4.29 5.28 16.16
143783 143783M - 96.d 844 10820 88400 3.97 4230 180.3 601300 222.9 89.2 29190 7.01 37.7 375 20.37 161 7447 1.76 457 9.36 4.38
143783 143783M - 97.d 503 7250 53000 2.63 1904 87.2 604600 274.9 73.4 9260 3.68 19.06 14 55.07 249.2 1645 23.6 93.7 6.21 9.26
143783 143783M - 98.d 380 3710 5600 2.29 170 8.82 601200 2803 1111 1093 0.98 6.02 6.41 3.16 71.7 3126 27.8 170.3 26.6 7.61
143783 143783M - 99.d 1426 23100 88900 4.8 3920 38.4 603600 340.9 158.9 42500 18.5 287 610 38.6 443 2550 25.3 90.2 8.33 16.4
143783 143783M - 100.d 1025 22400 113400 4.16 2330 59.1 597800 348 157.7 26200 8.05 127 42 141 710 4890 15 99.2 18.8 17.8
143783 143783M - 101.d 176 2134 2520 1.59 44 0.185 603300 589 684 1824 0.33 7.5 5.24 0.379 27.7 1472 0.095 43.2 13.44 3.72
143783 143783M - 102.d 197 605 1840 2.09 134 5.35 601200 84.7 105.5 3523 0.3 2.15 9.7 11.07 34.76 4194 254.1 73.3 24.72 3.52400 J.K. P ORTERAppendix D  Table 1 Page 12 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file
143783 143783M - 61.d
143783 143783M - 62.d
143783 143783M - 64.d
143783 143783M - 65.d
143783 143783M - 66.d
143783 143783M - 67.d
143783 143783M - 68.d
143783 143783M - 69.d
143783 143783M - 70.d
143783 143783M - 71.d
143783 143783M - 72.d
143783 143783M - 73.d
143783 143783M - 74.d
143783 143783M - 75.d
143783 143783M - 76.d
143783 143783M - 77.d
143783 143783M - 78.d
143783 143783M - 79.d
143783 143783M - 80.d
143783 143783M - 81.d
143783 143783M - 82.d
143783 143783M - 83.d
143783 143783M - 84.d
143783 143783M - 85.d
143783 143783M - 86.d
143783 143783M - 87.d
143783 143783M - 88.d
143783 143783M - 89.d
143783 143783M - 90.d
143783 143783M - 91.d
143783 143783M - 92.d
143783 143783M - 93.d
143783 143783M - 94.d
143783 143783M - 95.d
143783 143783M - 96.d
143783 143783M - 97.d
143783 143783M - 98.d
143783 143783M - 99.d
143783 143783M - 100.d
143783 143783M - 101.d
143783 143783M - 102.dTa W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Th U Group C Rocktype Rock Unit
52.46 214.5 6.3 7.22 4.95 6.76 27.3 3.93 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
291.3 1370 1.95 1.52 0.81 1.31 10.2 4.74 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
173.7 1191 14.3 38.5 17.52 36.86 163.9 35.09 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
258.7 199.7 3.05 13.04 6.69 26.1 178.5 10.04 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
158.4 2450 269 296 266 278 197.5 25.62 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
60.3 87.6 4.8 6.3 4.13 5.62 16.15 2.97 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
136.9 619 23.1 40.9 22.65 33.14 140 38.9 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
251.1 566 134 182.3 133.7 147 191.3 74.4 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
1242 291.6 195 267.7 213.9 230.9 350.7 71.2 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
50.4 803 3.55 17.49 7.45 16.44 89.3 18.11 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
123.8 439 23.3 40.6 24.2 30.8 61.5 15.34 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
63.1 1410 15.7 24.3 13.33 19.2 75.4 20.17 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
117.4 906 17.7 94.3 23.4 37.8 164.1 122.8 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
85.4 99.4 2.25 17.62 1.61 0.643 1.281 30.6 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
56.22 228.1 3.05 10.99 4.47 8.72 52.9 15.38 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
38.12 412 14.8 25.11 13.8 20.26 47.2 14.86 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
26.7 106 36.4 40 33.1 35.8 25.1 12.05 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
110.3 244 1.85 7.2 4.8 7.3 16.52 3.88 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
63.8 357 12.2 18.96 11.75 19.02 78.1 12.67 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
114.8 207 6.8 12.1 7.77 11.06 29.16 6.4 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
149.7 719 91.1 104.1 91.1 97.1 108.1 7.74 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
78.4 347 77 115 96 103 42.7 31.6 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
54.4 274 132 152.9 126.4 140.5 245.7 8.42 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
31.76 109 205 206.9 190.4 207.1 212.4 9.16 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
103.3 1254 145 225.9 146.6 168 233.3 99.4 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
371 802 394 490 397 459 403 86.5 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
101.5 224.2 3.25 16.67 4.16 8.27 55.2 27.87 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
863 561 418 489 413.2 453 434.7 69 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
98 258 69.5 133.8 73.5 72.3 25.54 114.7 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
127.4 77.6 2.25 9.6 1.49 1.33 5.26 14.65 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
233.6 606 190 259 209.1 224 317.6 79.6 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
90.4 169 10.9 12.02 8.64 14.92 52.3 3.2 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
531 669 182 211.3 180.5 195.9 224 24 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
71.7 206.3 21.8 141.5 26.96 22.6 35.82 193.1 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
2189 254 280 322 286 298 276.8 30.4 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
126 168.6 206 257 210.7 235.3 258.5 64.9 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
151.3 578 3.9 12.89 4.82 7.58 37.15 14.58 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
121.6 779 156 189 153 166 241.9 36.3 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
319 2460 259 352 277 322 576 104.6 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
123.4 98 2.35 3.22 1.78 1.93 2.99 2.25 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
219.1 306 2.45 29.99 2.89 2.59 17.84 54.3 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu HillsAppendix D J.K. P ORTER 401Appendix D  Table 1 Page 13 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file Mg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf
143783 143783M - 104.d 287 3630 70500 2.09 704 79.9 600900 793.5 63 5548 1.25 19 9.5 57.68 337.2 5940 305.6 91.3 6.57 16.34
143783 143783M - 105.d 334 1960 4610 2.04 50 14.34 607300 232 171.7 4420 0.38 9.59 5.27 6.5 300 3510 427.2 59.1 38.6 8.2
143783 143783M - 106.d 644 6770 45900 2.79 2779 34.16 604700 264.1 70.8 29570 8.03 26.07 355 49.9 257.3 7248 28 119 8.32 8.41
143783 143783M - 107.d 452 5650 15300 3.36 371 33.1 601700 2646 322.2 3120 2.2 23.7 10.2 18.05 53.3 2296 0.46 34.4 5.62 2.37
143783 143783M - 108.d 476 2700 5140 3.12 549 26.77 599800 2668 2231 1016 1.7 13.2 15.7 5.26 58.8 3396 79 34.2 16.6 2.48
143783 143783M - 109.d 162.9 200 2210 2.4 116 30.3 601700 76.9 40.6 7310 0.095 4.16 6.36 16.3 1610 683 5.79 5.01 2.97 39.5
143784 143784MS - 1.d 215 15.7 365 0.85 70 3.15 607800 2240 452.9 1673 0.375 1.56 14 0.146 1529 747 31.4 58.1 0.39 46.7
143784 143784MS - 2.d 487 1310 17540 3.05 140 33.3 602800 1970 462.4 6320 1.63 14.43 12.8 93 1690 2622 27 106.7 12.4 52.4
143784 143784MS - 3.d 230.2 183 1960 2.44 85 3.21 609500 295.9 19.1 1984 0.245 2.97 4.43 0.234 65.96 1135 4.29 65.2 156.7 3.1
143784 143784MS - 4.d 227.3 13.9 360 2.36 90 1.06 604400 4735 883 158 0.24 2.28 4.09 0.127 1102.6 1622 11.6 0.72 0.095 56.8
143784 143784MS - 5.d 236.2 111 1490 0.95 80 19.05 598700 4218 1996 579 0.31 1.89 4.07 0.191 527.6 211.2 12.4 144.1 15.78 14.47
143784 143784MS - 6.d 233.2 37.1 265 1.89 95 65.5 600500 330.9 40.8 382 0.185 1.47 3.01 8.95 1.035 1364 0.08 3.74 0.08 0.54
143784 143784MS - 7.d 228.3 471 600 1.15 130 130.2 607100 1703 586 30750 0.5 1.89 3.24 0.135 717.7 67380 137.5 809 5.52 40.9
143784 143784MS - 8.d 224.2 41.9 890 1.1 115 4.3 604500 7444 1630 566 0.34 1.45 3.55 0.142 564.6 1874 28.7 31.3 1.95 27.4
143784 143784MS - 9.d 288 1830 6460 2.38 230 5.45 604000 473.4 31.9 8200 0.76 3.47 18.5 9.18 19.41 1044 40.3 28.9 147.1 1.79
143784 143784MS - 10.d 423.5 1154 6210 3.08 125 15.71 606700 343.7 99.5 2653 1.74 6.15 10 42.01 35.63 2025 0.135 35.2 22.2 1.47
143784 143784MS - 11.d 220.7 116.4 435 2.44 90 3.1 604700 1019 372.6 1391 0.34 1.39 3.89 0.074 475.5 3774 9.4 47.7 5.08 37.5
143784 143784MS - 12.d 225.6 41.3 1640 2.67 100 10.8 606000 1495 407.7 407 0.405 1.26 3.26 0.68 6160 304.6 38.6 18.7 0.59 98.8
143784 143784MS - 13.d 239.5 1810 6800 1.25 110 108.3 603600 2640 195.2 443 1.71 7.2 8 0.369 1381 2190 52.2 193.3 0.9 66.7
143784 143784MS - 14.d 231.7 20.1 550 1.2 105 4.57 606400 4638 781.5 196 0.46 1.02 3.74 0.122 1909 2726 22.1 11.88 0.11 88.6
143784 143784MS - 15.d 221.2 75.2 445 2.22 85 3.61 607400 3850 105.5 397 0.25 0.87 3.62 0.066 3837 281.6 108 18.2 0.165 100.2
143784 143784MS - 16.d 229.7 227 1220 0.9 75 4.42 608000 4628 564.2 450 0.355 1.85 3.98 1 1719 2644 105.1 15.59 0.16 57
143784 143784MS - 17.d 238.4 1070 1350 2.98 115 41.8 610200 179.8 49.9 2035 0.94 2.67 3.27 2.7 84 2151 1.84 13.01 0.145 8.2
143784 143784MS - 18.d 226.7 158.7 390 0.85 95 7.59 608600 1326 332.9 1045 0.32 1.18 3.58 0.11 3170 3335 18.4 15.71 0.08 130.5
143784 143784MS - 19.d 229 48.6 450 1.15 125 0.55 606500 2181 803 235 0.325 2 3.91 0.116 752.8 2484 10.1 4.4 0.08 28.9
143784 R10 - 13.d 218.9 101 610 1.67 105 1.65 609200 1400 1812 838 0.32 1.36 3.03 0.2 142.6 550.5 6.91 16.86 23.4 9.03
143784 143784MS - 21.d 231.3 482 4860 2.91 100 3.03 604400 3890 779.7 870 0.22 5.9 4.49 1.16 1690 948 50.5 22.17 0.93 70.3
143784 143784MS - 22.d 226 740 2980 1.82 85 1.5 604000 4392 646.1 189 0.31 3.92 5.2 0.157 970 1496 51.7 79.8 0.41 27.7
143784 143784MS - 23.d 235.8 283 1930 2.69 110 3.51 604700 1164.9 205.6 1266 0.285 3.49 3.51 0.176 831.9 375.4 41.1 6.07 2.87 30.6
143784 143784MS - 24.d 229.7 78.3 385 2.78 115 4.45 603400 4563 988 885 0.33 3.54 3.85 2.86 1390 2683 21.2 13.36 0.62 80.5
143784 143784MS - 25.d 231.2 15.9 300 1.83 90 11.8 605100 677.6 316.1 2815 0.3 1.68 3.91 0.72 5.56 800 0.21 58.8 16.31 0.29
143784 143784MS - 26.d 234.9 21.6 260 2.67 105 6.76 602300 5558 667.6 446 0.13 2.12 3.41 0.2 8081 807 22.5 9.03 0.2 179
143784 143784MS - 27.d 231.8 274 550 3.02 145 4.16 601900 4743 1143 774 0.39 5.99 5.8 0.101 2149 3973 85.8 9.88 0.8 79.5
143784 143784MS - 28.d 225.8 50.2 285 2.62 110 38.6 606400 951.6 203.7 1178 0.16 1.08 2.74 0.0325 560.7 1328 13 81.4 1.58 25.8
143784 143784M - 1.d 227.1 69.5 1720 2.29 65 7.43 603600 2090 554 1098 0.38 1.81 3.69 0.209 1549 1813 89 12.6 0.53 65.1
143784 143784M - 2.d 229.6 46.8 325 2.98 80 1.82 604200 2460 374.8 286 0.31 1.98 3.78 0.048 336.5 1540 12.5 4.75 0.075 9.12
143784 143784M - 3.d 220 149.7 840 2.8 80 26.11 603200 89.6 114.7 577 0.35 1.35 3.75 0.103 26.41 3169 1.08 10.06 0.16 1.25
143784 143784M - 4.d 225.1 90 770 2.66 65 13.33 604400 4674 861 490 0.25 1.63 3.39 0.074 1297.9 2171 27.9 19.53 0.138 51.4
143784 143784M - 5.d 237.7 71.7 1320 2.58 115 8.84 607800 678.8 720.8 1597 0.65 3.27 3.04 0.63 1680 1490 39.8 18.8 0.35 54.8
143784 143784M - 6.d 305 530 800 2.5 85 7.84 609400 1513 326.7 3420 0.45 2.74 460 0.066 1396 666 62.1 21.82 0.13 50.3
143784 143784M - 7.d 223.6 113 1110 2.28 85 6.76 605700 1812 245.2 883 0.175 2.45 2.9 0.118 488.5 2231 32.9 13.12 0.105 42.5402 J.K. P ORTERAppendix D  Table 1 Page 14 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file
143783 143783M - 104.d
143783 143783M - 105.d
143783 143783M - 106.d
143783 143783M - 107.d
143783 143783M - 108.d
143783 143783M - 109.d
143784 143784MS - 1.d
143784 143784MS - 2.d
143784 143784MS - 3.d
143784 143784MS - 4.d
143784 143784MS - 5.d
143784 143784MS - 6.d
143784 143784MS - 7.d
143784 143784MS - 8.d
143784 143784MS - 9.d
143784 143784MS - 10.d
143784 143784MS - 11.d
143784 143784MS - 12.d
143784 143784MS - 13.d
143784 143784MS - 14.d
143784 143784MS - 15.d
143784 143784MS - 16.d
143784 143784MS - 17.d
143784 143784MS - 18.d
143784 143784MS - 19.d
143784 R10 - 13.d
143784 143784MS - 21.d
143784 143784MS - 22.d
143784 143784MS - 23.d
143784 143784MS - 24.d
143784 143784MS - 25.d
143784 143784MS - 26.d
143784 143784MS - 27.d
143784 143784MS - 28.d
143784 143784M - 1.d
143784 143784M - 2.d
143784 143784M - 3.d
143784 143784M - 4.d
143784 143784M - 5.d
143784 143784M - 6.d
143784 143784M - 7.dTa W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Th U Group C Rocktype Rock Unit
151.5 858 80 96.3 81.3 93.8 266.6 21.92 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
214.7 250 2.1 7.89 2.76 3.66 10.9 9.34 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
314.8 385 241 282.1 234.7 252.8 304.8 52 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
130.7 301 6.5 10.29 7.44 11.41 38.3 3.87 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
237 428 11 91.6 16.6 13.9 16.13 142.2 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
25.8 445 9 19.61 9.1 11.03 33.99 23.75 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Carnegie Fm, Mu Hills
97.2 106.6 4.7 1.61 0.56 0.54 0.492 4.48 1 sandstone Canning Basin, Paterson Fm, Dover Hills
126.9 264.9 19.4 36.6 16.2 18.7 57 55.5 1 sandstone Canning Basin, Paterson Fm, Dover Hills
57.6 58.7 3.5 4.23 1.33 1.26 0.499 12.71 1 sandstone Canning Basin, Paterson Fm, Dover Hills
109.9 4.07 4.6 16.42 2.14 0.302 0.009 13.15 1 sandstone Canning Basin, Paterson Fm, Dover Hills
19.66 204.9 4.8 3.16 0.95 0.613 2.37 2.87 1 sandstone Canning Basin, Paterson Fm, Dover Hills
73.8 37.2 2.75 1.34 1.12 1.15 0.684 0.74 1 sandstone Canning Basin, Paterson Fm, Dover Hills
21740 13980 4.55 241.8 26 0.451 0.307 225.4 1 sandstone Canning Basin, Paterson Fm, Dover Hills
102.2 20.61 6 10.79 0.78 0.043 0.025 42.52 1 sandstone Canning Basin, Paterson Fm, Dover Hills
73.6 264.8 4.4 4.34 2.32 4 14.8 5.39 1 sandstone Canning Basin, Paterson Fm, Dover Hills
100.7 1671 42 107.1 48.2 53.9 132.3 206.2 1 sandstone Canning Basin, Paterson Fm, Dover Hills
181 240.5 4.7 7.53 0.55 0.029 0.089 24.86 1 sandstone Canning Basin, Paterson Fm, Dover Hills
27.17 11 4.45 3.6 0.085 0.121 1.35 9.58 1 sandstone Canning Basin, Paterson Fm, Dover Hills
112.1 484.6 3.8 71.1 9.8 4.8 1.4 106.5 1 sandstone Canning Basin, Paterson Fm, Dover Hills
146.4 70.5 5.5 8.74 0.47 0.055 0.0105 29.06 1 sandstone Canning Basin, Paterson Fm, Dover Hills
6.96 33 4.35 8.62 0.53 0.055 0.0041 27.01 1 sandstone Canning Basin, Paterson Fm, Dover Hills
36.68 19.1 2.75 21.05 1.66 0.219 0.9 71.44 1 sandstone Canning Basin, Paterson Fm, Dover Hills
102.6 984 4.5 1.7 0.81 0.77 0.222 2.22 1 sandstone Canning Basin, Paterson Fm, Dover Hills
140.7 33.76 2.65 5.78 0.404 0.0355 0.072 19.45 1 sandstone Canning Basin, Paterson Fm, Dover Hills
162.9 17.2 4.75 3.54 0.5 0.395 0.173 11.82 1 sandstone Canning Basin, Paterson Fm, Dover Hills
41.06 20.8 4.5 0.377 0.292 0.326 0.054 0.454 1 sandstone Canning Basin, Paterson Fm, Dover Hills
27.77 59 2.85 13.31 2.86 2.5 1.51 36.91 1 sandstone Canning Basin, Paterson Fm, Dover Hills
7.54 49.3 3.9 6.31 2.19 1.89 1.21 12.39 1 sandstone Canning Basin, Paterson Fm, Dover Hills
10.29 16.6 3 1.13 0.76 0.74 0.894 0.253 1 sandstone Canning Basin, Paterson Fm, Dover Hills
108.7 26.7 4.35 31.9 2.76 5.1 21 91.9 1 sandstone Canning Basin, Paterson Fm, Dover Hills
82.34 21.1 4.3 2.4 1.6 1.51 3.62 3 1 sandstone Canning Basin, Paterson Fm, Dover Hills
13.11 61.2 3.6 5.63 0.58 0.267 0.278 16.38 1 sandstone Canning Basin, Paterson Fm, Dover Hills
308.9 643 4.2 5.47 2.22 2.6 1.23 8.64 1 sandstone Canning Basin, Paterson Fm, Dover Hills
26.12 168.3 4 8.96 0.64 0.0365 0.185 31.92 1 sandstone Canning Basin, Paterson Fm, Dover Hills
47.75 33.6 5 10.87 1.94 1.61 2.9 32.49 1 sandstone Canning Basin, Paterson Fm, Dover Hills
24.51 7.28 4.6 2.12 0.77 0.66 0.008 1.641 1 sandstone Canning Basin, Paterson Fm, Dover Hills
302.2 167.8 3.2 0.181 0.046 0.0215 0.008 0.563 1 sandstone Canning Basin, Paterson Fm, Dover Hills
116.7 6.79 3.6 3.51 0.4 0.263 0.339 13.65 1 sandstone Canning Basin, Paterson Fm, Dover Hills
36.76 22 4.35 9.75 1.62 0.85 0.361 27.03 1 sandstone Canning Basin, Paterson Fm, Dover Hills
44.22 130.7 2.7 7.4 0.63 0.279 0.254 24 1 sandstone Canning Basin, Paterson Fm, Dover Hills
112.9 15.18 3.7 7.03 0.92 0.64 0.258 23.07 1 sandstone Canning Basin, Paterson Fm, Dover HillsAppendix D J.K. P ORTER 403Appendix D  Table 1 Page 15 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file Mg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf
143784 143784M - 8.d 236.8 340 5160 4.02 130 18.6 603400 1384 874 1340 0.26 9.63 4.97 2.68 5170 1270 113.9 36.5 1.64 155.2
143784 143784M - 9.d 223.9 154.9 1830 1.96 105 6.09 607100 1291.3 1041 1337 0.3 2.25 4.29 0.088 3010 3751 154.6 295.8 0.085 109.6
143784 143784M - 10.d 231.3 380 4320 2.39 105 16.6 605200 1253 2281 1530 0.89 5.55 6.1 32.5 7370 2277 108.6 5.06 0.56 148.1
143784 143784M - 11.d 218.4 268.9 750 1.78 65 14.62 602700 852.8 465.8 1944 0.305 1.03 3.34 0.022 377.9 5545 1.16 128.5 5.36 21.71
143784 R10 - 14.d 212.4 34.4 345 0.95 95 2.7 600100 4138 911 270 0.195 1.23 2.34 0.068 1766 1644 83 1.15 0.095 86.1
143784 143784M - 13.d 219.6 70.7 1280 2.88 155 4.11 610200 4570 897 694 0.44 8.46 4.2 0.176 1306.4 5198 93 33.4 0.67 74.7
143784 143784M - 14.d 339 28010 43500 3.5 130 12.5 608100 2980 620.3 1991 3.46 11.12 7.6 29.8 200 875 0.5 535 4.69 11.3
143784 143784M - 15.d 232.8 51.1 290 1.15 95 3.24 606000 1892 332.8 537 0.34 1.18 3.43 0.079 1499 555.8 37.7 34.4 0.135 42.1
143784 143784M - 16.d 230.1 65.6 335 0.8 75 5.31 605600 4658 605.5 310 0.36 2.58 3.66 0.094 1650 1060 51.4 10.02 0.115 76.6
143784 143784M - 17.d 232.1 205 5260 2.24 100 6.62 601100 1603 367.8 870 0.395 3.69 6.12 7.7 987 2239 68.8 22.49 1.42 52.7
143784 143784M - 18.d 251.2 302 820 2.75 100 5.83 605100 2006 330.4 942 0.225 3.31 3.19 0.291 1499 440.8 40 78.8 1.02 65.8
143784 143784M - 19.d 229.2 17.96 245 2.7 85 13.92 605600 3900 317.3 358 0.43 1.24 3.3 0.215 797 870 21.7 35.5 0.72 37.5
143784 143784M - 20.d 274.9 640 2150 2.35 1436 133.2 606000 85.9 28.7 7380 0.98 4.38 9.7 348 174.9 2948 0.18 67.4 2.74 6.67
143784 143784M - 21.d 228.7 174 1970 2.84 80 29.25 606700 3080 1361 463 0.39 3.87 3.61 0.176 734.8 1943 222.5 355.1 0.75 50.4
143784 143784M - 22.d 256.8 2270 8800 3.77 110 88.1 604100 1381 102.8 1794 1.4 5.82 8 2.41 147.8 3812 4.65 695 16.88 20.24
143784 143784M - 23.d 224.3 54 430 2.17 85 3.96 603700 1804 626.2 618 0.255 2.07 3.41 0.145 697.9 2375 90.5 24.8 0.51 37.7
143784 143784M - 24.d 277.4 10140 17290 10.3 100 6.79 603300 3180 494.5 2230 2.15 36.2 8.4 0.85 1507 793.3 47.7 26.14 0.155 59.3
143784 143784M - 25.d 227 36.6 455 2.69 115 44.8 604600 1724 4940 621 0.335 1.31 3.66 0.13 160.2 5838 3.58 127 43.6 11.06
143800 143800Z - 1.d 304.8 19.8 8830 0.75 125 6.24 600400 3582 2243 1858 0.25 2.6 6.8 0.055 1450 2129 29.2 21.25 0.81 43.78
143800 143800Z - 2.d 468 1140 10500 1 110 6.84 594500 2209 1639 2135 0.33 4.08 10 1.087 53.61 1580 53 312.7 59.4 4
143800 143800Z - 3.d 377 134.5 8330 0.9 303 7.85 599600 1653 942 649 0.275 8.83 11.1 0.689 27.43 1493 9.03 103.7 14.77 2.13
143800 143800Z - 4.d 401.2 181.9 9560 0.95 357 14.4 596600 988 1465 481 0.17 3.82 14.3 0.882 17.04 1639 229.1 411 80.1 1.48
143800 143800Z - 5.d 372.7 316.2 8560 2.29 295 32.37 597400 1229 401.9 1817 0.165 3.23 10.4 1.39 552.2 1654 25.2 20.32 10.12 19.18
143800 143800Z - 6.d 502 458 8010 0.95 272 18.33 595900 1710 917 965 0.66 16.4 12.4 1.34 49.3 1901 27.5 163.5 35.8 3.51
143800 143800Z - 7.d 732 2547 20410 1.15 165 4.2 601600 108.4 127 6430 0.59 11.76 27.6 18.57 39.2 5270 36 34 367.1 2.1
143800 143800Z - 8.d 370.4 283 8550 0.85 130 38.9 597600 1626 808 1041 0.205 4.78 8.98 31.1 839 531.4 1.68 57.9 31.1 15.33
143800 143800Z - 9.d 304.5 23.8 8570 2.18 110 23.32 600600 1377 2994 4040 0.31 4.19 6.95 0.393 38.36 398.1 2.61 257.7 147.8 1.99
143800 143800Z - 10.d 365.8 201.7 7950 0.9 115 41.9 598600 1575 1762 289 0.57 3.83 8.96 0.7 29.92 1846 2.64 196.5 19.25 3.98
143800 143800Z - 11.d 381.6 549 10440 2.35 330 24.9 592400 1490 1084 1079 0.23 4.47 13.4 7.33 497.2 1139 22.65 88.4 124.1 17.36
143800 143800Z - 12.d 360.5 339 8620 2.41 298 37 597500 2089 2081 892 0.305 3.21 15.3 1.84 63.84 2546 21.8 957 30.5 10.02
143800 143800Z - 13.d 347.3 207.3 9400 2.21 135 11.61 593900 466 338 1827 0.18 3.77 7.15 0.719 589 2045 38.4 42.1 9.99 23.52
143800 143800Z - 14.d 522 217 9760 2.07 322 18.28 601600 1296 1700 1827 0.165 4.92 12.5 1.504 17.1 1507 23.4 168.3 54.1 1.54
143800 143800Z - 15.d 412.1 665 10260 0.9 316 7.33 603500 2814 3353 1880 0.65 5.54 8.39 3.65 24.78 2906 98 402 76.8 2.21
143800 143800Z - 16.d 305.3 81 8920 2.57 125 32.1 601600 246.4 81.3 4622 0.165 7.31 6.63 4.17 165.2 1462 5.07 230 246.2 22.49
143800 143800Z - 17.d 318.9 454 9930 1.05 110 14.12 596800 1022 791 4855 0.34 2.28 5.76 0.064 255.6 3101 6.01 111.9 0.42 8.29
143800 143800Z - 18.d 622 1392 9520 2.7 115 10.55 597000 2215 1332 1780 0.38 3.93 9.7 15.51 230.9 4669 3.94 174.5 17.4 15.35
143800 143800Z - 19.d 321.9 472 10750 2.26 1790 24.85 598800 4365 28.7 1463 0.46 8.79 20 497 38 2383 0.035 296.7 2.33 2.56
143800 143800Z - 20.d 522 508 9320 2.04 317 35.8 598800 1840 1135 908 0.215 2.98 14.1 4.36 1171 1693 15.8 64.4 21.9 38.4
143800 143800Z - 21.d 313.7 610 8780 0.9 290 16.37 599000 1011 714 1787 0.27 5.18 5.47 15.64 203.1 1196 6.82 43 24.1 15.93
143800 143800Z - 22.d 528 661 9580 1 296 62.3 599800 733.7 1132 579 0.245 3.11 10.4 1.203 105.1 1148 4.38 79.5 82.4 7.57
143800 143800Z - 23.d 383 466 10270 1.15 135 14.2 604400 84 1387 3497 0.29 9.27 12 28.48 53.5 2296 28.4 170.9 157 3.13404 J.K. P ORTERAppendix D  Table 1 Page 16 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file
143784 143784M - 8.d
143784 143784M - 9.d
143784 143784M - 10.d
143784 143784M - 11.d
143784 R10 - 14.d
143784 143784M - 13.d
143784 143784M - 14.d
143784 143784M - 15.d
143784 143784M - 16.d
143784 143784M - 17.d
143784 143784M - 18.d
143784 143784M - 19.d
143784 143784M - 20.d
143784 143784M - 21.d
143784 143784M - 22.d
143784 143784M - 23.d
143784 143784M - 24.d
143784 143784M - 25.d
143800 143800Z - 1.d
143800 143800Z - 2.d
143800 143800Z - 3.d
143800 143800Z - 4.d
143800 143800Z - 5.d
143800 143800Z - 6.d
143800 143800Z - 7.d
143800 143800Z - 8.d
143800 143800Z - 9.d
143800 143800Z - 10.d
143800 143800Z - 11.d
143800 143800Z - 12.d
143800 143800Z - 13.d
143800 143800Z - 14.d
143800 143800Z - 15.d
143800 143800Z - 16.d
143800 143800Z - 17.d
143800 143800Z - 18.d
143800 143800Z - 19.d
143800 143800Z - 20.d
143800 143800Z - 21.d
143800 143800Z - 22.d
143800 143800Z - 23.dTa W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Th U Group C Rocktype Rock Unit
133 69.4 7 18.86 3.9 3.4 4.65 42.1 1 sandstone Canning Basin, Paterson Fm, Dover Hills
321.4 34.8 3.35 58 4.22 0.65 0.676 174.9 1 sandstone Canning Basin, Paterson Fm, Dover Hills
124.6 30.1 6.5 47.4 7.45 1.46 4.35 38.2 1 sandstone Canning Basin, Paterson Fm, Dover Hills
235 429.3 3.75 0.61 0.06 0.034 0.00385 2.95 1 sandstone Canning Basin, Paterson Fm, Dover Hills
52.38 0.76 2.35 21.07 2.42 0.05 0.009 20.44 1 sandstone Canning Basin, Paterson Fm, Dover Hills
488.8 181.6 4.45 22.78 4.36 3.05 1.24 30.11 1 sandstone Canning Basin, Paterson Fm, Dover Hills
52.2 235 12.8 10.53 8.31 9.08 14.5 5.71 1 sandstone Canning Basin, Paterson Fm, Dover Hills
6.55 30.6 3.15 2.03 0.143 0.033 0.226 7.61 1 sandstone Canning Basin, Paterson Fm, Dover Hills
48.26 21.6 2.7 5.13 0.75 0.42 0.087 15.68 1 sandstone Canning Basin, Paterson Fm, Dover Hills
110.6 297 3.25 5.02 1.74 9.2 50 12.1 1 sandstone Canning Basin, Paterson Fm, Dover Hills
26.67 95.9 4.15 3.43 1.82 1.55 3.43 7.34 1 sandstone Canning Basin, Paterson Fm, Dover Hills
49.7 156.7 5 4.33 0.41 0.05 0.109 15.2 1 sandstone Canning Basin, Paterson Fm, Dover Hills
140.7 186 6 13.65 10.46 12.2 12.64 2.95 1 sandstone Canning Basin, Paterson Fm, Dover Hills
97.7 1195 3 337.7 28.83 1.3 1.66 510.2 1 sandstone Canning Basin, Paterson Fm, Dover Hills
297.7 160.2 4.8 36.8 10.1 8.2 3.91 29.02 1 sandstone Canning Basin, Paterson Fm, Dover Hills
96.4 152.7 3.6 10.09 1.04 0.482 0.44 29.27 1 sandstone Canning Basin, Paterson Fm, Dover Hills
57.13 231 3.1 21.86 5.71 5.4 2.37 53.97 1 sandstone Canning Basin, Paterson Fm, Dover Hills
159.5 1511 3.4 10.97 1.46 0.185 1.08 10.1 1 sandstone Canning Basin, Paterson Fm, Dover Hills
50.43 3.43 1.1 12.77 1.351 0.099 0.442 15.09 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
117.7 375 5.2 25.05 13.07 13.98 27.64 33.68 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
87.79 75.1 1.4 14.44 4.15 3.72 8.77 23 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
109.8 540 1.5 24.87 5.01 3.62 7.13 47.97 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
110.9 467 1.2 24.26 5.34 4.97 31.36 42.85 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
132.1 172.7 2.52 25.01 6.83 7.66 38.73 45.72 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
326.9 352.1 22.4 113.3 62 65 109.9 132.9 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
30.1 88.4 1.2 17.9 5.82 5.63 31.95 29.2 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
10.63 1180 1.15 5.49 3.29 3.27 6.3 7.4 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
149.2 156.6 1 7.61 3.42 4.02 17.96 9.59 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
84.9 473 2.79 30.97 7.89 12.42 104.8 59.16 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
143.5 297.8 1.25 16.07 4.64 5.22 28.35 24.81 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
122.2 173 1.1 10.38 1.93 1.539 8.17 20.81 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
77.81 133 3.7 21.81 9.11 9.55 35.74 32.34 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
162.1 332 2.98 12.09 7.31 9.2 52.9 11.34 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
114.8 1125 1.25 6.85 1.92 1.86 14.86 13.12 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
284.1 105.2 1.05 6.08 0.652 0.179 0.68 8.83 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
188.6 820 1.35 17.23 3.32 18.38 175.2 28.47 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
203.8 401 5.1 24.19 13.97 19.93 87.8 26.22 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
134.1 205 0.95 20.15 6.44 5.3 11.09 31.5 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
58.03 220.9 2.98 10.55 5.79 16.04 156.6 9.27 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
62.5 166.7 2.45 8.48 4.3 5.53 21.8 9.55 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
84.33 851 5 34.38 16.65 51.4 439.3 42.3 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis SandstoneAppendix D J.K. P ORTER 405Appendix D  Table 1 Page 17 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file Mg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf
143800 143800Z - 24.d 448.6 796 10180 1 599 109.5 599500 1451 1863 1495 0.14 4.07 15.3 9.48 331.7 2128 11.15 234.3 48.8 15.88
143800 143800Z - 25.d 459 510 9010 1.1 140 21.8 600300 504.2 486.8 3376 0.065 11.5 9.6 3.73 430.4 2671 37.9 38.3 27.7 12.39
143800 143800Z - 26.d 351.3 970 11460 1 100 614.5 601600 923.9 50.5 3520 0.48 1.9 10.5 19.53 273.6 2393 0.61 344 1.94 27.36
143800 143800Z - 27.d 416.5 1332 12310 0.95 484 48.2 594300 923.3 828.4 1207 0.315 2.03 15.2 3.66 61.55 822.7 50.9 97.9 47.5 2.71
143800 143800Z - 28.d 386 695 9900 0.9 372 14.41 596900 1182 2324 800 1.13 4.91 13.7 7.6 20.16 3189 3.6 379.4 53.7 3.01
143800 143800Z - 29.d 395.3 211.4 8920 0.95 140 24.97 602900 2917 1534 788 0.26 4.09 7.71 3.04 22.67 1683 92.8 203.5 42.7 1.66
143800 143800Z - 30.d 341.6 240.7 51800 2.98 145 12.89 597700 174.6 251.3 4012 0.305 10.23 26.1 39.9 795.9 2119 39.3 35.7 325.2 29.8
143800 143800Z - 31.d 482 1840 10630 2.34 100 11.75 598800 1180 3629 489 0.44 3.82 8.9 1.4 12.51 2054 10.18 242.8 57.1 1.49
143800 143800Z - 32.d 594 3780 14140 2.44 140 14.23 601400 2509 4338 654 0.61 8.35 9.6 5.61 276.2 1274 6.72 222.2 65.4 9.13
143800 143800Z - 33.d 441.9 174.8 8160 1.15 294 9.03 599600 1148 961 927 0.21 3.09 7.06 2.38 1835 884 1.23 72.2 5.69 29.84
143800 143800Z - 34.d 302.6 22.2 7620 1.15 125 96.2 598900 1922 1188 3274 0.165 3.02 4.68 3.05 28.72 790.2 0.9 330.5 139.7 2.28
143800 143800Z - 35.d 416.8 823 9580 1.1 135 8.08 603200 1748 2104 354 0.255 3.16 6.87 1.56 16.5 1193 0.84 251 17.4 1.54
143800 143800Z - 36.d 303.4 13.2 9130 1.05 130 75.8 600300 1114 700 4065 0.255 2.71 6.58 0.274 30.32 1114 2.43 260.3 269 2.85
143800 143800Z - 37.d 317.5 138.5 15500 1.05 484 40.2 601200 475 18.5 5460 0.145 4.17 4.97 177.1 310.8 2949 27.4 34.1 51.1 13.5
143800 143800Z - 38.d 317.3 94 18100 0.95 105 12.2 601400 6560 5892 139 0.37 4.16 5.7 1.6 53.9 2119 1.86 842 11 7.85
143800 143800Z - 39.d 748 4570 15020 1.3 165 16.16 605100 2083 1242 973 0.69 5.14 6.84 1.44 27.77 1404 101 198 153.1 2.16
143800 143800Z - 40.d 310.4 152.5 25300 1.6 205 6.73 605200 94.6 103.4 7930 0.5 5.18 6.4 32.76 481 9070 0.87 22.4 49.6 18.7
143800 143800Z - 41.d 357.2 246 8660 0.95 140 4.69 606200 2054 346.4 664 0.35 2.81 4.73 1.12 850.2 831 29 80.7 56.4 25.42
143800 143800Z - 42.d 800 858 9570 1.3 326 21.9 601500 765.5 902 3100 1.38 4.27 12.4 13.9 1106 696.7 10.56 40.9 84.3 35
143800 143800Z - 43.d 457 527 8160 1.15 130 75.1 600600 1076 1111 1421 0.22 3.54 4.94 1.55 43 1135 3.98 295.4 15.85 3.44
143800 143800Z - 44.d 873 3080 14320 3.08 155 7.39 610000 165.7 537 6480 1.67 7.3 66.5 39.7 582 2254 38.7 36.4 353.9 21.26
143800 143800Z - 45.d 500 3640 13400 1.3 150 20.8 606600 1715 1571 538 3.61 6.57 10.7 1.38 28.92 1102 12.97 213.6 74.6 2.23
143800 143800Z - 46.d 513 4230 14700 1 145 19.35 601600 2840 1473 555 0.21 8.87 9 3.72 854 1037 8.5 306 29.4 23.68
143800 143800Z - 47.d 454 1010 9960 1.05 628 31.5 601600 988 2098 781 0.94 2.92 20.8 2.18 26.43 1344 3.46 379.3 48.5 3.22
143800 143800Z - 48.d 544 1630 13400 1.05 155 23.84 605800 159.9 172.2 6440 1.02 3.5 5.31 28.5 417 2098 64.3 39.6 86.2 17.1
143800 143800Z - 49.d 704 2273 12040 2.37 160 52.4 604100 762.8 958 2107 1.29 16 15.2 34.7 1650 874.9 4.46 216.5 126.7 42.4
143800 143800Z - 50.d 351.6 173.7 8930 2.35 125 32.39 599900 3040 507.1 366 0.165 10.68 8.3 2.79 33.17 1637 45.5 127.1 26.33 3.02
143800 143800Z - 51.d 675 4880 17470 1.35 260 26.6 598900 1514 1736 690 2.21 4.25 10.2 10.4 384 1477 20.6 202.2 92.6 24.5
143800 143800Z - 52.d 524 308 10480 2.56 480 5.11 600000 1166 1004 3055 0.26 3.01 8.11 0.641 12.53 1116 11.11 70 45.4 1.24
143800 143800Z - 53.d 322.6 74 8950 1.1 125 50.3 602700 2732 2636 2208 0.25 2.32 4.54 0.147 31.24 1071 1.76 348.6 108.2 2.11
143800 143800Z - 54.d 467 272 10500 1.1 333 13.73 599300 2934 1946 845 0.62 8.7 11.9 4.04 1217 1240 5.83 994 21.4 32.35
143800 143800Z - 55.d 437.4 442 9430 1.25 487 75.9 605500 1256 1915 7370 0.36 4.84 7.3 14.2 29.57 7220 3.76 400.3 69.4 3.57
143800 143800Z - 56.d 570 1115 11060 1.05 527 6.71 599200 148.8 187.1 4667 0.72 20.9 121.4 48.59 173.4 2240 27.1 44 248.2 12.71
143800 143800Z - 57.d 394.8 3300 16300 3.23 120 9.77 604700 1192 1279 1830 0.245 5.57 10.36 0.969 22.01 1225 44.7 974 69 2.11
143800 143800Z - 58.d 468 820 9820 2.84 120 40.2 606600 3148 1515 3094 0.31 7.71 7.07 14 78.9 804 17.39 187.4 5.68 2.45
143800 143800Z - 59.d 430 375 8740 2.2 85 26.7 600800 930 728 2403 0.165 4.9 5.52 5.03 64 2381 11.29 147.9 60.8 2.41
143800 143800Z - 60.d 313.9 21.6 8040 2.17 125 18.79 602200 1289 5711 1938 0.21 2.25 4.54 0.14 34.95 1108 3.09 300.8 185.9 2.14
143800 143800Z - 61.d 312.1 12.6 8610 1.35 110 230 604000 887.2 79.7 5340 0.245 1.68 5.12 0.07 23.11 3780 1.01 94.4 113.2 1.94
143800 143800Z - 62.d 1069 3550 13440 1.4 120 59.8 604600 960.2 1275 1571 1.76 3.7 5.42 21.43 37.39 1075 17.3 373 333.4 3.19
143800 143800Z - 63.d 325.1 528 9570 1.3 115 12.58 599700 2429 6600 780 0.34 8.07 5.99 1.78 106 2355 0.91 1039 18.01 7.1
143800 143800Z - 64.d 830 4630 34300 1.4 135 37.3 599000 92.2 43.3 2990 1.78 3.83 6 24.5 729 1216 1.23 28.6 10.83 25.4406 J.K. P ORTERAppendix D  Table 1 Page 18 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file
143800 143800Z - 24.d
143800 143800Z - 25.d
143800 143800Z - 26.d
143800 143800Z - 27.d
143800 143800Z - 28.d
143800 143800Z - 29.d
143800 143800Z - 30.d
143800 143800Z - 31.d
143800 143800Z - 32.d
143800 143800Z - 33.d
143800 143800Z - 34.d
143800 143800Z - 35.d
143800 143800Z - 36.d
143800 143800Z - 37.d
143800 143800Z - 38.d
143800 143800Z - 39.d
143800 143800Z - 40.d
143800 143800Z - 41.d
143800 143800Z - 42.d
143800 143800Z - 43.d
143800 143800Z - 44.d
143800 143800Z - 45.d
143800 143800Z - 46.d
143800 143800Z - 47.d
143800 143800Z - 48.d
143800 143800Z - 49.d
143800 143800Z - 50.d
143800 143800Z - 51.d
143800 143800Z - 52.d
143800 143800Z - 53.d
143800 143800Z - 54.d
143800 143800Z - 55.d
143800 143800Z - 56.d
143800 143800Z - 57.d
143800 143800Z - 58.d
143800 143800Z - 59.d
143800 143800Z - 60.d
143800 143800Z - 61.d
143800 143800Z - 62.d
143800 143800Z - 63.d
143800 143800Z - 64.dTa W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Th U Group C Rocktype Rock Unit
95.14 89.1 4.3 30.09 13.88 15.83 44.57 43.35 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
106.8 130.7 2 24.11 6.05 5.36 20.47 42.23 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
240.8 163.9 2.97 35.9 12.58 11.26 14.12 46.92 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
69.2 122 11 120.1 39.6 39.4 44.96 169.4 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
212 515 12.5 55.9 40.7 41.8 55.7 39.5 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
105.7 258.4 3.19 31.22 8.85 9.99 53.5 54.45 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
91.1 873 9.3 95.1 31.51 34.94 175.1 179.2 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
132.5 766 1.15 7.16 3.59 4.53 25.36 9.3 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
81.8 1480 3.2 35 9.77 10.84 67.9 52.42 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
43.22 38 1.15 7.56 2.47 2.79 10.92 13.94 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
40.56 1987 1 8.05 2.45 2.67 16.04 15.9 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
42.9 454 1.45 7.38 4.63 4.84 11.16 8.04 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
103.8 2149 1.3 4.48 0.713 0.472 1.332 10.62 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
277.3 97.7 1.55 12.79 5.76 8.9 60 19.93 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
83.9 1835 1.2 7.79 2.44 2.72 21.14 11.43 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
112.8 782 1.75 18.43 4.15 4.8 35.04 31.82 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
1113 866 15.3 67.8 42.9 46.84 194.7 68.5 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
25.04 133.3 1.3 10.1 1.35 3.36 32.1 16.95 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
38.42 93 1.2 43.9 7.6 16.97 147.2 85.4 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
25.09 157.6 1.05 6.87 2.81 3.83 20.75 9.41 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
112.7 230 33.4 174.3 92.6 104 214.9 187.9 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
70.77 505 1.4 47.5 8.28 6.62 34.97 89.63 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
48.1 262.3 2.5 35.9 9.2 8.34 14.67 63.6 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
85.5 214.7 3.4 64.1 13.5 11.03 29.94 133.9 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
167.7 461 1.4 10.01 5.48 7.8 41.5 11.56 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
29.13 637 9.3 110.1 30.6 30.67 145.9 141.3 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
120 232.1 4.2 65.2 14.55 12.34 45.4 108.5 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
118.2 195.7 7.5 59.3 19.86 16.84 13.04 92.9 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
74.76 77.6 1.55 9.05 3.15 2.99 11.65 14.22 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
93.5 418.4 1.65 4.77 0.502 0.345 3.06 12.62 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
209.8 740 1.4 36.8 7.9 6.82 16.46 56.6 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
1724 284 4.4 15.4 7.76 15.57 122.4 16.49 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
203.1 665.7 26.3 143.7 56.6 78.8 375.5 230 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
100.69 363 4.9 29.36 10.73 9.92 25.8 49.48 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
35.62 420.8 4.5 13.81 9.42 9.97 85.3 10.41 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
262.1 219.5 3.9 35.1 9.35 7.95 14.69 62.2 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
32 959 1.35 5.72 0.445 0.076 0.81 15.26 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
327 591 1.25 1.96 0.165 0.0295 0.054 5.41 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
48.65 906 5.3 38.1 9.57 12.68 64.39 49.7 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
525 381 1.8 14.22 5.91 7.81 68.5 13.79 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
53.1 399 7.9 19.9 12.02 13.5 45.2 21.23 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis SandstoneAppendix D J.K. P ORTER 407Appendix D  Table 1 Page 19 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file Mg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf
143800 143800Z - 65.d 403.1 428 8930 3.29 383 27.8 603400 1140 466.1 800 0.335 6.85 12.7 6.23 765.2 883.7 20.5 53 20.7 27.42
143800 143800Z - 66.d 762 7310 20200 1.3 370 25.7 609300 1203 759 1730 0.73 9.4 10.1 5.8 32.2 2173 24.3 146.6 36.6 2.04
143800 143800Z - 67.d 1303 3870 15370 1.55 300 19.76 602100 1780 1155 2640 1.82 4.4 8.47 46.1 180.4 1263 25.7 229 103.5 11.87
143800 143800Z - 68.d 508 1429 13690 1.05 474 95.9 603600 753.9 262.6 3620 1.18 59.2 19.2 140.5 633.4 961 1.27 97 24.8 20.33
143800 143800Z - 69.d 477 910 13530 2.26 318 14.15 606200 1340 590 1337 0.235 5.15 6.79 4.85 42 2685 12.9 72.3 31.6 3.11
143800 143800Z - 70.d 326.5 45.1 8520 2.59 321 4.12 602200 116.8 36.2 17270 0.235 4.16 10 20.92 333.6 1086 1.74 9.67 10.37 13.23
143800 143800Z - 71.d 832 1123 9680 2.85 125 27.9 605900 2446 2676 1592 1.03 4.9 6.47 3.11 45.69 2165 340 98.3 60.6 5.03
143800 143800Z - 72.d 343.8 43.7 8190 1.2 115 4.29 607500 59.7 8.1 6020 0.185 1.85 4.73 6.46 8.85 1981 7.8 14.7 11.89 0.68
143800 143800Z - 73.d 443 1630 12190 1.3 135 13.22 608000 1111 1340 2048 0.185 3.62 8.22 2.03 43.6 1283 24.9 188.3 91.3 2.72
143800 143800Z - 74.d 459 744 10430 2.51 95 10.84 606400 1846 2842 751 0.46 2.76 6.35 6.94 115.4 1702 9.96 305 53 4.44
143800 143800Z - 75.d 333.3 285.7 31960 1.4 160 11.44 602800 175.2 185.5 12160 0.255 9.75 16 77.1 143.4 7493 0.79 51.8 96.1 8.02
143800 143800Z - 76.d 2010 23400 46900 1.55 460 34.5 606500 3019 2403 3190 2.88 30.3 11.2 1.52 31.21 1135 17 333 95 2.81
143800 143800Z - 77.d 539 5140 18070 1.5 145 48.6 603900 166.5 92.1 2187 0.57 7.72 6.16 4.59 183 434.7 1.7 5 41.1 4.59
143800 143800Z - 78.d 884 1530 12080 1.2 135 41.5 598600 990 3469 3179 1.01 3.46 6.74 103.5 672 5340 5.56 786 262.8 29.57
143800 143800Z - 79.d 414.6 275 8120 2.72 110 11.53 602800 1368 1149 536 0.21 2.8 6.7 1.468 1019 1572 8.99 215.4 30.3 32.1
143800 143800Z - 80.d 464.2 1156 9860 1.4 125 24.3 600600 2128 606 4658 0.6 7.47 8.1 1.99 38.43 1543 168.5 301.1 162.8 2.86
143800 143800Z - 81.d 455 1214 47100 4.1 150 5.73 603500 123.9 671 8680 0.32 5.09 10.3 37.31 46.55 1128 12.99 33.7 884 1.54
143800 143800Z - 82.d 386.8 538 9930 2.18 100 49.3 604000 1025 1385 3750 0.25 6.52 5.54 2.49 136.6 2387 44.7 138.9 72.1 12.06
143800 143800Z - 83.d 611 2480 13920 1.5 320 8 603900 2866 1210 2450 1.22 9.85 9.1 1.112 22 1506 223.5 440 125.3 1.86
143800 143800Z - 84.d 356.9 310 10420 2.73 140 11.57 610400 1962 654 2484 0.23 7.47 8.51 2.08 77.3 1255 12.47 260.6 75 6.69
143800 143800Z - 85.d 456 2519 10450 1.25 125 41.9 605000 171.3 131 2342 0.275 6.55 5.39 8.8 940 1112 0.26 25.63 1.32 32.8
143800 143800Z - 86.d 500 711 8780 2.55 359 34.1 607500 570 525.1 1095 0.315 2.07 9 6.49 1076 871 6.9 42.4 10.32 18.42
143800 143800Z - 87.d 674 8520 22600 2.1 205 25.2 607200 305.6 241.4 13100 1.86 64.7 10.9 43.3 267 8240 11.2 338.8 72.3 5.76
143800 143800Z - 88.d 450 929 14510 1.3 671 9.06 604600 123.6 28.8 5860 0.265 9.33 6.63 467.4 619 2967 0.94 60.9 49.5 30.7
143800 143800Z - 89.d 764 3560 36100 1.6 180 6.59 604700 173.4 280.1 6330 1.76 5.75 16.2 38.5 60.4 3595 0.57 49.1 729 2.95
143800 143800Z - 90.d 347.2 860 9950 1.35 165 43.3 599600 1007 165 3382 0.67 21.51 9.8 6.97 867 472.9 5 15.27 59.6 20.53
143800 143800Z - 91.d 321.4 37.8 8810 1.25 95 0.395 598700 523.9 26.1 3221 0.18 1.77 6.1 1.85 72.13 1557 0.075 4.6 8.55 6.06
143800 143800Z - 92.d 427 2670 15200 1.5 120 17.27 603100 35.1 32.4 483 0.335 5.5 4.54 2.32 96 723.8 0.21 0.64 0.297 2.44
143800 143800Z - 93.d 605 1980 12560 1.55 110 36.3 600300 1239 477.1 1281 0.75 5.3 6.3 17.6 390 1485 0.39 193.3 10.94 16.8
143800 143800Z - 94.d 878 2380 11800 1.6 720 59.4 605400 1244 1043 1547 5.6 2.39 30.7 4.85 95.5 1248 2.74 186.6 74.6 5.17
143800 143800Z - 95.d 854 3310 16990 1.3 130 17.76 605400 3748 83.6 5120 4.35 6.13 10 29.58 34.13 7840 16.26 77.5 18.7 2.46
143800 143800Z - 96.d 936 2170 12110 1.4 400 23.21 603900 381.1 1046 2270 1.17 5.95 17.9 27.75 74.9 3012 11.06 363.9 11.31 7.65
143800 143800Z - 97.d 469 2180 12390 1.15 397 20.5 609900 1513 2404 1362 0.49 4.51 7.3 18 429 1234 14.9 232.8 127.8 13.8
143800 143800Z - 98.d 380.1 1108 8900 1.3 484 95.1 604000 2092 233.8 414 0.18 3.67 5.19 3.23 1016 632 7.25 40 11.12 36.6
143800 143800Z - 99.d 382.5 810 11350 48 440 25.14 606300 2223 1812 470 0.24 13 13.5 5.19 40.65 2799 29.8 608 8.27 4.63
143800 143800Z - 100.d 467 895 10720 1.6 357 33 604100 2707 1726 954 0.89 3.77 8.03 2.54 113.2 1279 9.11 598 112.4 8.92
177278 177278Z - 1.d 3120 5200 17000 9.2 313 18.68 592800 36.6 26.6 10280 3.93 17.8 44.9 86.8 549 1817 3.38 2.49 3 17.7
177278 177278Z - 2.d 577 800 11900 15.35 278 13.76 600100 31.46 15.89 1620 0.1 4.26 10.2 3.5 20.1 1446 0.144 6.65 3.21 0.69
177278 177278Z - 3.d 603 1192 16660 23.1 913 28.69 599800 106.9 70.9 2780 2.08 37.5 17.5 10.9 107.5 1612 3.2 18.5 1.74 1.95
177910 177910S - 1.d 208.4 39.1 600 1.74 155 1.13 605200 6455 2050 279 0.6 1.66 4.6 0.061 759.9 981 101.9 17.69 0.09 41.1
177910 177910S - 2.d 202.9 26.9 365 0.8 165 3.49 606200 7543 2005 61 0.495 1.71 5.2 0.052 3570 1104 86.1 19.95 0.065 109.5408 J.K. P ORTERAppendix D  Table 1 Page 20 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file
143800 143800Z - 65.d
143800 143800Z - 66.d
143800 143800Z - 67.d
143800 143800Z - 68.d
143800 143800Z - 69.d
143800 143800Z - 70.d
143800 143800Z - 71.d
143800 143800Z - 72.d
143800 143800Z - 73.d
143800 143800Z - 74.d
143800 143800Z - 75.d
143800 143800Z - 76.d
143800 143800Z - 77.d
143800 143800Z - 78.d
143800 143800Z - 79.d
143800 143800Z - 80.d
143800 143800Z - 81.d
143800 143800Z - 82.d
143800 143800Z - 83.d
143800 143800Z - 84.d
143800 143800Z - 85.d
143800 143800Z - 86.d
143800 143800Z - 87.d
143800 143800Z - 88.d
143800 143800Z - 89.d
143800 143800Z - 90.d
143800 143800Z - 91.d
143800 143800Z - 92.d
143800 143800Z - 93.d
143800 143800Z - 94.d
143800 143800Z - 95.d
143800 143800Z - 96.d
143800 143800Z - 97.d
143800 143800Z - 98.d
143800 143800Z - 99.d
143800 143800Z - 100.d
177278 177278Z - 1.d
177278 177278Z - 2.d
177278 177278Z - 3.d
177910 177910S - 1.d
177910 177910S - 2.dTa W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Th U Group C Rocktype Rock Unit
40.24 224 4 41.4 8.92 7.34 35.36 76.4 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
169.6 525 4.9 27.7 9.6 8.86 26.5 39.3 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
56.5 896 4.4 37.7 11.2 47.3 285.7 54.34 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
42.89 892 50.1 133.8 91.1 126.1 724 90.4 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
165.6 104.1 5.2 25.7 7.51 6.1 8.73 46.3 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
27.14 144.7 3.3 12.64 5.82 7.95 41.59 16.74 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
95.4 1290 3.5 17.37 4.43 5.5 33.62 29.14 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
241 23.9 2.2 6.13 2.85 3.7 20.69 9.59 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
74.82 303 11.2 48.1 18.59 17.71 27.3 73.5 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
77.45 265.7 5.3 27.7 7.4 7.27 26.35 55.2 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
278.6 928 25 155.2 49.5 50.8 342.7 265.1 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
451 587 5.2 28.5 7.67 8.32 51.9 43.4 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
40.32 102.6 41 46.9 46.9 45.1 10.89 6.54 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
204.7 1647 1.1 21.65 4.22 16.3 159.4 35.3 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
88.8 102.6 1.9 5.62 1.9 3.48 23.96 6.99 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
105.9 280.8 14.7 65.9 21.72 19.33 36.5 93.6 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
48.5 329.3 77.9 132.3 90.3 91.5 154.6 122.4 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
125.6 272.8 1.9 16.5 6.18 10.2 79.3 20.81 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
111.8 1053 2.1 32.62 6.32 5.05 23.46 57.19 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
62.68 233.6 22.7 34.94 24.66 25.53 96.8 20.1 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
323 87.9 1.8 5.55 3.3 3.37 11.6 4.84 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
53.21 99.9 1.9 13.43 3.09 2.95 8.42 22.98 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
958 783 44.6 54.3 40.1 44.3 183.6 25.4 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
250.2 309.7 6.6 11.12 5.18 10.07 95.1 16.39 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
214.8 983 71.8 100 78.5 82.1 165.5 56.48 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
20.62 260.4 58.6 70.2 62 63.9 165.5 28.27 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
101.9 23.6 2.55 2.19 0.73 0.667 1.219 4.16 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
72.7 80.6 4.7 1.58 1.27 1.19 4.48 1.73 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
134.8 301 13.3 26 13.94 13.05 34.8 31.8 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
70.35 145.7 30.4 63.8 30.6 27.48 24.78 90.4 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
520.3 1231 2.05 12.72 5.83 10.76 79.4 14.99 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
129.3 427.4 4.4 36.2 8.75 39.27 366.8 52.7 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
85 1930 8.5 30.1 11.63 13.3 71.4 42.94 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
36.5 150 2.15 5.66 3.89 4.82 20.49 4.52 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
135.5 542 29.9 36.4 24.1 24.5 21.9 20.92 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
68.56 282 8.2 43.7 9.25 6.93 17.87 74.1 1 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Ellis Sandstone
174 409 52.2 83.4 58.1 60.5 16.2 25.6 1 schistose metagreywacke Granites-Tanami Orogen, Tanami Group, Killi Killi Fm
157 345.6 5.8 20.8 8.37 7.36 2.33 7.93 1 schistose metagreywacke Granites-Tanami Orogen, Tanami Group, Killi Killi Fm
235 205.2 141 180.2 142.9 150.9 2.89 49.3 1 schistose metagreywacke Granites-Tanami Orogen, Tanami Group, Killi Killi Fm
69.3 50.6 4.8 20.55 1.82 0.033 0.0105 28.55 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
63.66 34.3 4 14.88 1.33 0.0405 0.0065 20.32 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters DamAppendix D J.K. P ORTER 409Appendix D  Table 1 Page 21 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file Mg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf
177910 177910S - 3.d 213.2 34.3 650 2.26 175 1.33 609100 6461 2276 552 0.455 1.56 6 0.028 427.9 1009 116.3 15.09 0.06 41.9
177910 177910S - 4.d 217.2 32.5 500 2.54 115 4.3 607300 5830 1707 317 0.175 1.69 4.5 0.141 4630 1302 133.1 16.28 0.06 126.7
177910 177910S - 5.d 219.4 42.8 550 1.99 110 2.64 604300 6201 1652 425 0.25 1.71 5.3 0.077 2720 1218 119.8 12.75 0.08 94.8
177910 177910S - 6.d 221.7 49 650 1.8 175 2.99 604900 9391 1412 481 0.6 1.84 5.6 0.069 2790 633.4 127.3 12.4 0.055 102
177910 177910S - 7.d 226 22.7 650 2.22 115 2.79 605900 6386 2491 223 0.43 1.57 4.04 0.095 2820 1622 119.4 21.36 0.09 110.9
177910 177910S - 8.d 224.1 27.4 485 1.7 130 5.28 600900 7615 2074 140 0.39 1.32 5.2 0.0345 4750 1025 121.4 25.8 0.08 130.5
177910 177910S - 9.d 222.6 49 930 1.83 155 2.55 609100 6240 2140 126 0.55 1.61 4.51 0.062 1893 778.7 73.5 5.78 0.14 92.7
177910 177910S - 10.d 227.5 24.6 2550 2.18 165 5.76 606300 6858 2707 334 0.145 1.82 6.2 0.087 6747 1699 132.2 12.23 0.08 185.4
177910 177910S - 11.d 221.6 17.3 2080 0.85 120 9.16 606000 8025 2327 22.5 0.335 1.68 4.3 0.09 6850 1081 119.8 35.9 0.15 171.4
177910 177910S - 12.d 224.5 45.7 1570 0.95 130 4.65 606300 6470 1994 279 0.42 2.1 5.2 0.076 6168 2097 82 19.2 0.18 156.9
177910 177910S - 13.d 221.8 29.6 1400 2.08 130 4.35 605700 6887 2235 310 0.335 1.98 4.49 0.099 4560 896 121.7 10.55 0.115 121.2
177910 177910S - 14.d 234.6 39.3 1840 1.89 90 4.24 608400 6614 2180 156 0.47 1.94 5 0.125 4550 1254 11.8 9.95 0.075 115
177910 177910S - 15.d 230.5 47.3 700 1.52 165 3.65 608100 5990 1953 187 0.295 1.3 6.1 0.074 2700 811 101.2 8.57 0.06 105.8
177910 177910S - 16.d 237.5 17.4 1250 0.9 95 1.85 603800 7513 1597 18 0.48 1.93 6.4 0.088 1220.1 1227 13.4 10.65 0.04 54
177910 177910S - 17.d 234.8 84.3 1350 1 110 3.41 608500 4522 780 320 0.37 1.53 4.4 0.081 2980 806 110.5 21.71 0.06 90
177910 177910S - 18.d 223.5 48.5 1120 0.9 115 3.67 605800 6507 2310 249 0.305 1.7 4.57 0.06 3480 1871 121.6 23.1 0.12 101.1
177910 177910S - 19.d 232.7 25.8 1040 2.02 100 3.94 607400 6266 2067 240 0.32 2.04 4.49 0.082 4010 1264 124.3 8.11 0.135 116.4
177910 177910S - 20.d 232.3 49.1 700 3 150 4.15 603000 6507 2120 332 0.115 1.84 5.43 0.049 5998 1072 125.4 15.15 0.055 147.9
177910 177910S - 21.d 202.9 33.2 550 1 150 4.74 605800 6096 2362 359 0.43 2.03 5.7 0.1 4340 900 103.4 27.9 0.145 120.3
177910 177910S - 22.d 192.6 29.8 325 1 135 3.77 607800 6662 2680 98 0.325 1.63 8.8 0.062 4913 1102 14.9 9.6 0.09 114.6
177910 177910S - 23.d 201.4 30.4 550 2.6 115 4.91 606900 6935 1627 250 0.31 1.56 5.41 0.068 5588 1072 104.3 20.85 0.095 132
177910 177910S - 24.d 209.2 19.2 960 1.1 95 1.04 607800 5745 2389 19 0.5 2.41 5.1 0.065 464.6 665.6 3.35 12.23 0.06 18.74
177910 177910S - 25.d 218.4 32 445 2.14 110 1.54 608300 5847 1376 152 0.305 1.78 3.86 0.099 539.8 841 5.23 7.31 0.085 30.8
177910 177910S - 26.d 217.4 47.3 980 2.46 110 3.41 593000 5854 1855 357 0.55 1.79 5.3 0.067 4826 770.3 111.8 12.4 0.105 122.5
177910 177910S - 27.d 225.1 13.7 480 2.45 100 3.68 603800 7300 1793 15 0.22 1.9 4.56 0.06 4859 1375 3.33 43 0.055 121.9
177910 177910S - 28.d 227.7 32.3 750 1.25 125 2.57 605400 6207 2435 244 0.15 1.33 5.3 0.062 994.9 1763 66.3 10.16 0.078 56.4
177910 177910S - 29.d 227.4 29.8 385 1 115 4.33 606300 6577 1161 330 0.42 1.5 5.08 2.05 4630 912 119 28 0.095 111.1
177910 177910S - 30.d 225.2 172 1320 1.1 160 1.48 603000 3629 423.4 441 0.34 2.02 7.7 0.25 270.1 1762 140.8 19.07 0.04 35.5
177910 177910S - 31.d 233.7 31.5 475 0.75 140 3.4 605600 5812 1377 107 0.315 1.65 5.9 0.061 2520 1841 108.6 26.8 0.105 85
177910 177910S - 32.d 233.6 40.3 600 2.04 85 2.62 600200 6237 1698 242 0.41 1.51 4.5 0.129 2095 1316 60 11.15 0.125 82.3
177910 177910S - 33.d 228.7 40.1 470 1.67 80 1.35 601700 6144 2275 306 0.275 1.56 4.68 0.127 184.7 1907 116.4 8.35 0.1 17.1
177910 177910S - 34.d 226.2 22.4 600 0.95 160 1.96 605500 9116 1756 110 0.27 1.53 4.6 0.043 991.5 1350 42.6 8.24 0.0425 50.8
177910 177910S - 35.d 228.7 42 1140 0.8 125 3.75 603100 6203 985 323 0.33 1.44 3.7 0.061 4391 831 111.7 14.3 0.044 91.9
177910 177910S - 36.d 228.1 63.4 920 0.9 140 2.83 606800 6940 2288 255 0.5 2 5.5 0.075 4390 2796 112 14.44 0.055 172.8
177910 177910S - 37.d 231.7 43.7 700 0.8 140 0.55 606200 6714 2640 274 0.345 1.64 4.5 0.0375 979.3 2344 136.1 13.65 0.155 61.3
177910 177910S - 38.d 225.2 39.3 425 1.66 90 0.6 597900 6072 2193 352 0.395 1.48 3.88 0.073 150.4 1790 103.9 9.59 0.11 19.27
177910 177910S - 39.d 223.8 40.3 465 2.54 95 5.95 604400 6139 2390 441 0.31 1.45 4.79 0.047 5940 1795 127.2 13.61 0.13 154.7
177910 177910S - 40.d 226.6 32.5 980 1.92 135 2.18 602100 5846 2405 322 0.17 1.43 5.3 0.086 1499 1919 115.5 8.74 0.11 83.4
177910 177910S - 41.d 198.6 48.7 435 1.64 115 0.35 605800 6690 1391 150 0.215 1.56 4.12 0.066 224 2204 104 12.62 0.055 25.6
177910 177910S - 42.d 194.7 45.2 370 1.8 115 5.78 598100 6183 2246 449 0.31 4.28 4.86 6.14 5030 1136 105.9 34.4 0.115 122
177910 177910S - 43.d 200.1 63 380 2.37 115 1 601400 6554 2270 272 0.35 1.29 4.91 0.096 383.3 1088 97.6 14.53 0.038 28.5410 J.K. P ORTERAppendix D  Table 1 Page 22 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file
177910 177910S - 3.d
177910 177910S - 4.d
177910 177910S - 5.d
177910 177910S - 6.d
177910 177910S - 7.d
177910 177910S - 8.d
177910 177910S - 9.d
177910 177910S - 10.d
177910 177910S - 11.d
177910 177910S - 12.d
177910 177910S - 13.d
177910 177910S - 14.d
177910 177910S - 15.d
177910 177910S - 16.d
177910 177910S - 17.d
177910 177910S - 18.d
177910 177910S - 19.d
177910 177910S - 20.d
177910 177910S - 21.d
177910 177910S - 22.d
177910 177910S - 23.d
177910 177910S - 24.d
177910 177910S - 25.d
177910 177910S - 26.d
177910 177910S - 27.d
177910 177910S - 28.d
177910 177910S - 29.d
177910 177910S - 30.d
177910 177910S - 31.d
177910 177910S - 32.d
177910 177910S - 33.d
177910 177910S - 34.d
177910 177910S - 35.d
177910 177910S - 36.d
177910 177910S - 37.d
177910 177910S - 38.d
177910 177910S - 39.d
177910 177910S - 40.d
177910 177910S - 41.d
177910 177910S - 42.d
177910 177910S - 43.dTa W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Th U Group C Rocktype Rock Unit
50.87 31 6.5 21.37 1.62 0.05 0.0046 28.49 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
59.5 44.3 4.2 4.67 0.44 0.0465 0.011 6.13 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
63.95 54.3 3.15 5.26 0.52 0.04 0.008 7.82 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
23.3 14.61 4.2 4.26 0.247 0.033 0.0085 5.58 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
72.9 46.9 4.1 13.2 1.02 0.055 0.01 15.99 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
57.8 45.3 3.15 14.59 1.17 0.065 0.0039 18.36 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
94.1 118.3 5 6.57 0.62 0.05 0.0095 8.88 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
117.1 79.6 5.5 8.79 0.79 0.041 0.007 12.05 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
66.68 50.7 2.85 19.94 1.65 0.035 0.007 27.59 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
84.8 50.5 4.7 17.52 1.75 0.055 0.009 24.09 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
49.8 44.4 3.5 7.57 0.5 0.047 0.047 9.36 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
51.4 40.5 5.5 19.11 1.72 0.075 0.006 26.19 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
49.44 51.5 4.1 12.74 1.28 0.055 0.0065 16.16 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
35.92 22.86 3.55 2.45 0.208 0.06 0.017 3.41 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
31.53 3.58 2.5 4.07 0.32 0.032 0.008 5.21 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
87.4 48 5 11.82 1.03 0.037 0.006 16.28 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
58.67 36.4 6 5.53 0.52 0.0405 0.0095 8.16 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
62.8 47.6 4.1 7.81 0.81 0.081 0.0085 10.06 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
59.3 46.6 4.65 40.9 3.64 0.065 0.0046 54.77 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
54.02 41 4.5 12.46 1.18 0.0405 0.0085 16.21 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
67.2 36.6 3.2 5.89 0.67 0.06 0.0085 8.44 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
3.66 4.53 4.05 22.5 1.95 0.05 0.00455 30.61 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
47.66 37.7 6 6.07 0.54 0.033 0.0075 8.63 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
41.54 55 6.5 5.55 0.5 0.065 0.013 8.35 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
83.1 44.5 3.55 16.93 1.54 0.027 0.0095 21.79 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
80.6 41.4 5 11.22 0.82 0.046 0.0075 15.53 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
44.14 32.5 2.9 4.29 0.344 0.07 0.035 6.71 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
75.4 11.4 3 1.07 0.138 0.05 0.026 1.371 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
73 24.2 4.15 3.65 0.345 0.055 0.0105 5.4 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
32.38 31.6 5.5 14.33 1.05 0.033 0.0037 20.64 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
77.69 55.2 3.65 10.48 0.9 0.0485 0.037 14.7 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
49.42 8.68 4.35 6.36 0.61 0.019 0.0095 8.58 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
26.66 5.67 3.8 4.51 0.46 0.0295 0.005 6.44 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
194.2 78.3 4.5 4.11 0.319 0.031 0.0125 6.05 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
83.3 37 7.5 5.64 0.49 0.07 0.008 8.95 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
83.1 46.4 4.55 4.79 0.5 0.055 0.013 7.8 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
94.4 48.9 3.25 41.6 3.63 0.042 0.00385 61.7 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
81.9 51.6 3.8 5.17 0.4 0.0275 0.0105 7.12 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
103.8 58.6 4.4 1.66 0.065 0.043 0.008 2.71 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
75 52.4 4.15 32.8 2.95 0.0345 0.628 46.54 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
55.48 23.84 4.55 22.82 2.11 0.05 0.006 33.52 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters DamAppendix D J.K. P ORTER 411Appendix D  Table 1 Page 23 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file Mg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf
177910 177910S - 44.d 219.3 24 380 3.1 115 5.32 604000 6472 2141 322 0.4 1.61 4.6 0.059 5133 1609 100.9 12.18 0.12 139.3
177910 177910S - 45.d 224.4 52.2 360 2.67 120 3.14 603200 6510 2044 369 0.28 1.46 3.67 0.098 4715 1178 110.5 24.47 0.08 118.7
177910 177910S - 46.d 234.5 28.2 485 2.79 150 1.68 606100 7347 2362 286 0.75 1.57 3.71 20.6 1078.1 1059 117.9 8.7 0.125 57.3
177910 177910S - 47.d 226.7 27.6 550 1.91 135 1.26 601100 6776 1781 216 0.42 1.38 4.72 0.038 793 1662 99.3 19.5 0.085 45.3
177910 177910S - 48.d 231.7 19.9 910 2.21 105 1.66 602400 6323 1430 20.5 0.24 1.19 2.89 0.1 1396.6 1828 6.22 7.51 0.125 64.8
177910 177910S - 49.d 229.3 45 870 2.45 105 3.33 603900 7420 1335 126 0.445 2.29 6 0.443 2533 780.4 2.45 13.93 0.125 102.2
177910 177910S - 50.d 229.1 45.5 460 2.06 110 2.08 602400 6205 2244 361 0.235 1.52 4.22 0.026 2330 1245 108 14.46 0.14 80.5
177910 177910S - 51.d 239.5 55 350 2.31 110 3.65 600800 6285 1417 536 0.38 1.41 4 0.062 4682 2023 95.4 11.33 0.095 116.6
177910 177910S - 52.d 228.9 39.1 395 2.42 130 1.61 600900 6732 1762 262 0.425 1.88 3.73 0.041 371.3 541.9 21.8 7.93 0.12 18.56
177910 177910S - 53.d 228.8 48.8 1390 2.33 110 5.04 601700 5987 2290 147 0.495 1.6 4.51 0.09 6880 2067 58.7 10.82 0.06 162.1
177910 177910S - 54.d 235.8 34.6 550 1.45 205 1.56 602000 5959 2269 335 0.165 1.46 3.63 0.047 699.5 1816 94 9.54 0.13 44.6
177910 177910S - 55.d 230 38.2 500 1.92 105 2.88 598700 7053 1522 378 0.455 2.15 4.4 0.7 2166 2123 98.5 14.62 0.105 89.4
177910 177910S - 56.d 232.3 31.8 400 2.41 115 4.16 601800 6597 2680 378 0.31 1.58 4.85 0.074 5188 1820 110.3 9.83 0.06 128.1
177910 177910S - 57.d 234.4 37.8 470 3.01 160 3.74 603200 6369 2096 183 0.28 1.49 6.4 0.49 2540 1835 6 12.36 0.047 111.1
177910 177910S - 58.d 228.8 26.5 315 2.4 100 1.81 601300 7195 1382 13.5 0.295 1.97 4.51 0.39 1038.4 1375 40.6 14.04 0.12 54.1
177910 177910S - 59.d 224 34.2 400 2.7 115 1.07 601100 7076 1619 425 0.405 1.7 4.3 0.096 547.6 991 12.2 8.59 0.09 51.9
177910 177910S - 60.d 232.1 40.5 490 1.84 90 0.87 603200 6940 3280 185 0.5 1.36 4.03 0.058 601.8 1066 49.2 9.53 0.075 36
177910 177910S - 61.d 206.1 35.2 1200 1.56 95 4.49 601100 6338 1645 155 0.205 1.21 3.58 0.068 4010 1399 102.9 21.02 0.11 107.3
177910 177910S - 62.d 201.2 24.7 420 1 75 2.84 602500 6727 1966 635 0.34 1.63 3.86 0.066 2870 1143 37.4 10.38 0.1 105.5
177910 177910S - 63.d 205.4 43.7 365 2.52 135 4.35 600800 6252 2191 414 0.3 1.92 3.82 0.028 5502 1380 107.4 10.19 0.135 136.9
177910 177910S - 64.d 225.5 19.9 390 2.57 95 0.78 598500 7354 4275 17 0.395 1.48 4.54 0.046 415.8 1681 108.3 29.6 0.065 32.6
177910 177910S - 65.d 228.6 39.2 630 1.56 120 1.32 602300 6874 1683 366 0.34 1.16 4.88 0.106 713.1 1361 108.5 18.8 0.095 43.9
177910 177910 - 1.d 239.4 43.6 400 1.95 120 2.6 603300 6876 2307 225 0.325 1.46 4.3 0.66 2174 1381 102.3 10.36 0.145 83.4
177910 177910 - 2.d 233.3 12 290 2.57 125 2.39 600200 6058 1088 11.5 0.47 1.68 3.72 0.098 856.9 2080 3.27 16.7 0.07 47.5
177910 177910 - 3.d 242.6 36.4 480 2.35 105 2.19 601400 6719 1663 165 0.65 1.36 4.4 0.054 1963 531 42.3 16.44 0.06 66.2
177910 177910 - 4.d 240.7 62.2 370 1.72 90 4.24 604000 6589 2089 335 0.285 1.52 3.74 0.119 6089 2339 134.4 11.43 0.08 152.1
177910 177910 - 5.d 236.4 47.8 860 0.95 100 3.13 607700 7055 2630 341 0.295 1.82 4.97 0.078 2527 1199 101.6 19.01 0.09 87.7
177910 177910 - 6.d 244.8 30.9 415 2.6 105 0.65 599400 7267 1173 52 0.55 1.88 5.6 0.125 353.7 4374 2.19 27.2 0.115 35.4
177910 177910 - 7.d 241.7 63.8 750 2.26 100 4.31 602500 2990 423.3 418 0.44 2.47 7 0.37 5651 1047 105.5 45.2 0.15 122
177910 177910 - 8.d 239.3 25 790 2.63 125 4.2 605500 7075 1827 302 0.7 1.57 4.9 0.064 4730 655.4 158 11.8 0.085 119.8
177910 177910 - 9.d 239 50.8 550 2.09 200 3.55 602300 6439 911 399 0.385 0.91 5 0.044 3800 758.8 112.2 17.84 0.125 92.1
177910 177910 - 10.d 234.3 45.7 420 0.9 125 4.48 601400 6338 2115 409 0.285 1.48 4.9 0.141 4931 1946 119.4 13.12 0.07 111.1
177910 177910 - 11.d 237.1 43.2 455 1.1 110 2.59 600300 6379 2058 268 0.285 2 4.95 5.5 610 971 97.6 15.49 0.115 31.9
177910 177910 - 12.d 236.2 50.4 450 2.08 115 2.88 598000 6410 1800 387 0.29 1.09 4.1 0.049 2660 1862 107.3 17.2 0.12 90.7
177910 177910 - 13.d 234.8 30.6 410 2.79 135 4.1 598300 6662 1809 118 0.43 2.05 6 0.162 3180 1640 2.72 12.82 0.06 111.6
177910 177910 - 14.d 240.8 34.2 335 2.5 100 1.1 604300 6742 2089 98 0.24 1.6 3.72 0.062 533 1620 26.6 15.14 0.075 37.6
177910 177910 - 15.d 278 321 2830 1.96 140 3.62 599400 7473 2008 1010 0.56 5.6 6.6 0.162 3190 756.1 135.2 23.3 0.17 101.2
177910 177910 - 16.d 216.5 76 760 0.7 120 1.39 596600 6593 1816 433 0.45 5.05 5.5 0.456 1155.7 1162 44.8 32.8 0.09 66
177910 177910 - 17.d 198.1 55.8 485 0.85 115 4.34 602400 6344 2094 560 0.5 2.71 5.6 1.14 5080 964 113.2 15.67 0.14 128.3
177910 177910 - 18.d 212 36.7 820 0.95 165 0.55 604200 7175 2313 308 0.305 1.8 4.8 0.18 626.8 1746 119 9.79 0.125 40.2
177910 177910 - 19.d 216.8 32 600 2.08 170 3.38 597600 8255 1392 146 0.32 2.25 6.3 0.115 2681 1470 105.5 19.5 0.085 84.7412 J.K. P ORTERAppendix D  Table 1 Page 24 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file
177910 177910S - 44.d
177910 177910S - 45.d
177910 177910S - 46.d
177910 177910S - 47.d
177910 177910S - 48.d
177910 177910S - 49.d
177910 177910S - 50.d
177910 177910S - 51.d
177910 177910S - 52.d
177910 177910S - 53.d
177910 177910S - 54.d
177910 177910S - 55.d
177910 177910S - 56.d
177910 177910S - 57.d
177910 177910S - 58.d
177910 177910S - 59.d
177910 177910S - 60.d
177910 177910S - 61.d
177910 177910S - 62.d
177910 177910S - 63.d
177910 177910S - 64.d
177910 177910S - 65.d
177910 177910 - 1.d
177910 177910 - 2.d
177910 177910 - 3.d
177910 177910 - 4.d
177910 177910 - 5.d
177910 177910 - 6.d
177910 177910 - 7.d
177910 177910 - 8.d
177910 177910 - 9.d
177910 177910 - 10.d
177910 177910 - 11.d
177910 177910 - 12.d
177910 177910 - 13.d
177910 177910 - 14.d
177910 177910 - 15.d
177910 177910 - 16.d
177910 177910 - 17.d
177910 177910 - 18.d
177910 177910 - 19.dTa W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Th U Group C Rocktype Rock Unit
97.3 57.8 3.9 31.31 2.52 0.05 0.0085 45.57 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
58.98 25.25 3.2 3.84 0.345 0.035 0.0105 5.7 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
56.33 38.8 5.5 7.83 0.66 0.0425 0.0179 11.59 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
70.5 27.7 3.55 2.95 0.232 0.032 0.0036 4.1 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
52.8 40.5 3.3 8.74 0.83 0.0495 0.008 13.13 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
22.21 59.9 3.65 6.18 0.56 0.05 0.068 7.36 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
42.92 21.4 6.5 25.97 2.35 0.0365 0.0095 39.06 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
104.6 55.4 4.95 3.06 0.242 0.0465 0.012 4.36 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
25.36 14.67 4.75 5.63 0.53 0.046 0.0043 8.22 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
95.7 57.3 3.5 1.37 0.105 0.0425 0.014 2.03 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
90 58.9 4.65 7.59 0.49 0.05 0.006 11.21 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
106.7 54.1 3.15 2.91 0.168 0.0395 0.047 4.27 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
68.8 36.6 3.75 19.64 1.8 0.04 0.0037 28.69 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
77.1 54.6 2.35 6.4 0.57 0.0305 0.018 9.19 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
50.47 49.5 4.3 1.69 0.075 0.0355 0.009 2.18 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
38.61 18.24 4.15 1.79 0.252 0.0345 0.0085 2.95 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
57.72 45 5 6.47 0.49 0.0365 0.0095 9.87 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
62.6 36 3.75 4.27 0.241 0.043 0.0075 6.7 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
63.56 35.5 4.25 29.3 2.29 0.025 0.014 41.47 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
80.3 52.6 3.4 28.88 2.4 0.0395 0.0145 39.92 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
51.57 47.5 3.05 8.26 0.74 0.065 0.0085 11.04 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
42.66 30.4 4.6 3.26 0.273 0.0345 0.0115 4.72 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
64.1 41.9 4.8 15.94 1.37 0.045 0.025 20.87 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
73.56 45.3 5 10.01 0.77 0.055 0.013 12.72 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
23.68 13.31 5.5 32.6 2.68 0.055 0.01 42.44 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
98.5 53.9 4.85 11.55 0.9 0.055 0.0135 15.29 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
79.1 53.5 4.4 11.59 0.95 0.065 0.0095 14.78 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
475.9 130.6 6 3.99 0.34 0.162 0.0105 5.25 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
94.3 22.8 4.1 5.12 0.6 0.095 0.0105 6.48 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
17.17 32.7 3.9 9.53 0.73 0.055 0.006 12.87 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
26.34 6.8 7 5.23 0.43 0.055 0.006 6.8 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
65.7 56.1 3.85 31.8 2.7 0.104 0.008 38.83 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
60.68 42.1 4.75 16.21 1.51 0.05 0.0126 22.13 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
77.39 55.6 5.5 7.21 0.78 0.03 0.0038 9.58 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
77.4 57.1 4.65 8.9 0.67 0.043 0.00455 11.55 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
74.6 42.7 2.75 10.67 0.93 0.05 0.009 14.65 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
29.57 41.1 4.5 7.11 0.56 0.0495 0.009 9.29 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
75.1 70.5 4.3 8.48 0.71 0.06 0.01 10.27 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
77.3 63.5 4 34.92 3.39 0.06 0.052 45.35 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
78.4 49.1 4.05 4.59 0.43 0.039 0.0018 5.86 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
60.28 36.9 2.5 4.46 0.48 0.055 0.0095 6.43 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters DamAppendix D J.K. P ORTER 413Appendix D  Table 1 Page 25 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file Mg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf
177910 177910 - 20.d 225.8 34.7 420 2.16 90 1.25 607200 4279 703.9 131 0.335 1.42 3.71 0.044 901 643.3 7.95 23.35 0.17 44.5
177910 177910 - 21.d 236.9 18.5 480 2.41 140 2.41 599700 7771 2116 13.5 0.38 1.52 5.59 0.059 1930 1787 105.9 10.91 0.11 77.6
177910 177910 - 22.d 235.5 36.2 360 2.4 135 3.58 600900 6704 1397 363 0.55 1.39 4.4 0.191 3610 1775 130.9 30.9 0.11 95.1
177910 177910 - 23.d 238.7 31.3 445 2.74 135 0.375 601900 5964 1591 123 0.315 1.64 4.37 0.088 90.9 128.6 31.3 8.45 0.145 1.13
177910 177910 - 24.d 231 38.3 1160 2.02 90 0.5 601100 6979 2167 311 0.485 1.24 5.78 0.073 196 783 91 11.42 0.05 21.38
177910 177910 - 25.d 231.8 47.9 1010 1 95 5.67 597900 5565 2035 488 0.355 1.22 4.3 0.064 5352 2945 109 10.85 0.037 126.2
177910 177910 - 26.d 235.9 35 480 1.25 130 4.03 599900 6673 2029 417 0.2 1.55 4.7 0.102 5407 1973 117.8 12.53 0.19 134.8
177910 177910 - 27.d 237.8 44.5 470 0.8 105 4.41 601000 6511 2050 302 0.295 1.35 2.73 0.023 5660 1728 107.5 11.74 0.13 145.9
177910 177910 - 28.d 237.6 44.9 270 1.91 90 4.43 600200 6358 2198 358 0.31 1.45 3.56 0.169 3150 1138 108.5 18.69 0.09 87
177910 177910 - 29.d 229.2 54.2 650 0.95 130 3.83 595600 7812 1523 256 0.355 2.19 7.4 0.058 5267 2025 140.9 22.44 0.13 148.7
177910 177910 - 30.d 235 59.8 405 2.48 105 4.42 603900 6749 2348 317 0.345 0.98 4.6 0.075 5430 1546 112 20.82 0.125 122.3
177910 177910 - 31.d 234.1 39.3 345 2.37 130 4.31 600000 5902 2181 326 0.42 1.36 3.5 0.083 4910 1895 117.3 12.11 0.15 121.5
177910 177910 - 32.d 233.4 50.6 1090 0.95 100 2.68 604500 7546 1545 474 0.48 1.43 3.9 0.064 2890 1789 103.5 15.36 0.085 98.5
177910 177910 - 33.d 233.3 42.6 920 0.95 125 4.6 592000 6328 2210 376 0.435 1.44 3.16 0.076 4270 1885 106 16.9 0.115 107.7
177910 177910 - 34.d 233.6 37.9 390 1.76 90 1.17 608000 7080 1619 131 0.6 1.76 4.1 0.041 651.5 857 61.2 14.64 0.08 34.1
177910 177910 - 35.d 230.1 44.9 1100 2.41 110 3.8 601300 7073 1792 625 0.395 1.51 5.2 1.5 3530 2183 52.3 12.33 0.17 100.8
177910 177910 - 36.d 213.9 24.6 445 2.29 110 4.29 605100 7414 2017 12.5 0.375 1.49 8.2 0.082 4965 1860 11.5 25.8 0.155 116.3
177910 177910 - 37.d 201.4 57.4 400 2.32 100 5.43 594600 3943 527.6 364 0.34 1.41 3.08 0.135 4939 1375 162 32.8 0.065 106.6
177910 177910 - 38.d 214.3 39.4 500 3.07 145 4.14 600100 7005 1904 13 0.455 2 4.53 2.54 3600 714 101.8 68.2 0.115 110.6
177910 177910 - 39.d 225.1 16.7 780 2.45 115 3.05 597300 6462 1823 168 0.315 1.53 4.48 0.105 2545 1930 10.5 12.98 0.09 100.8
177910 177910 - 40.d 230.1 36.8 1060 2.59 125 4.27 601100 7581 2950 325 0.375 1.45 4.11 0.076 5162 1671 115.7 19.9 0.1 121.3
177910 177910 - 41.d 232.2 39.1 1020 2.09 145 0.405 605700 6436 2181 320 0.305 1.59 3.46 0.07 343.3 1689 117.5 18.01 0.17 25.4
177910 177910 - 42.d 235.5 40.5 385 1.1 100 4.67 600600 6158 2288 408 0.45 1.48 4.9 0.06 4907 1750 117.5 24.4 0.17 110.3
177910 177910 - 43.d 239.1 92.8 1140 2.27 130 5.01 605800 6271 2216 1590 16.9 2.31 4.48 0.66 5717 1888 116.7 12.26 0.19 132.7
177910 177910 - 44.d 235.3 41.4 420 2.44 115 3.28 596100 7119 2226 249 0.395 1.45 3.51 0.056 3080 1248 42.7 14.48 0.1 100.7
177910 177910 - 45.d 234.4 50.9 350 2.05 150 2.32 603200 7849 1497 288 0.405 1.62 3.6 0.091 2238 1226 95.5 19.67 0.09 87.7
177910 177910 - 46.d 235.4 43.9 550 1.87 115 3.12 597800 7686 2073 142 0.375 4.11 6.4 0.67 2287 830 53.9 17.05 0.155 75.3
177910 177910 - 47.d 232.9 44.9 820 2.2 70 3.36 601600 7086 1714 140 0.435 1.32 4.12 0.076 3210 964 115.2 16.66 0.11 100
177910 177910 - 48.d 229.4 23.1 550 2.1 95 2.9 597600 9140 2086 487 0.32 1.41 3.53 0.079 2343 696 90.3 11.14 0.145 91.8
177910 177910 - 49.d 228.2 37.9 435 1.1 140 3.07 606000 6719 2020 398 0.425 1.37 4.37 0.096 2435 746.3 11.4 15.43 0.046 86.3
177910 177910 - 50.d 229.2 41.1 420 2.73 130 2.39 599900 6640 2119 225 0.45 1.29 4.6 0.066 1665 1595 5.57 14.78 0.155 75.1
177910 177910 - 51.d 225.2 34 650 3.24 115 1.83 601500 6887 1861 12.5 0.41 1.15 4.5 0.092 658 1942 110.9 16.18 0.12 33.9
177910 177910 - 52.d 220.8 43.8 550 3.54 155 3.27 598000 6480 2109 300 0.5 1.72 3.99 2.5 1340 1738 115.6 16.8 0.13 68
177910 177910 - 53.d 227.9 7.99 420 2.14 105 1.33 598900 7040 1483 17 0.36 1.53 3.61 0.107 1539 973 14.9 22.03 0.095 72.8
177910 177910 - 54.d 229.7 47 320 2.83 100 3.88 600300 3680 480.9 531 0.36 1.59 6.2 0.089 4682 1025 157.7 48.3 0.135 94.5
177910 177910 - 55.d 226.2 57.3 500 2.97 100 6.26 605200 2680 651.5 491 0.465 1.28 3.6 0.063 6389 848 87.3 49.7 0.13 157.2
177910 177910 - 56.d 215.1 28.3 465 1.05 125 4.46 606500 6297 2018 313 0.185 1.18 3.45 0.041 3830 1247 116.9 20.8 0.055 103.2
177910 177910 - 57.d 224 259 960 0.9 125 1.15 602600 7090 2361 473 0.335 6.25 8.5 0.105 613.6 1516 18.8 12.16 0.095 41
177910 177910 - 58.d 215.2 26 425 1.15 70 2.74 599600 7038 2228 58 0.325 1.52 4.55 0.1 2224 1739 116.8 11.25 0.125 81.4
177910 177910 - 59.d 222.6 39.8 860 2.03 105 4.02 604000 6310 2360 329 0.55 1.57 4.47 0.067 4560 1498 130.1 18.1 0.09 112
177910 177910 - 60.d 230.9 27.8 390 1.54 115 1.71 604600 6447 2357 177 0.335 2.01 5.2 0.452 1111.7 1396 3.13 12.37 0.055 54.6414 J.K. P ORTERAppendix D  Table 1 Page 26 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file
177910 177910 - 20.d
177910 177910 - 21.d
177910 177910 - 22.d
177910 177910 - 23.d
177910 177910 - 24.d
177910 177910 - 25.d
177910 177910 - 26.d
177910 177910 - 27.d
177910 177910 - 28.d
177910 177910 - 29.d
177910 177910 - 30.d
177910 177910 - 31.d
177910 177910 - 32.d
177910 177910 - 33.d
177910 177910 - 34.d
177910 177910 - 35.d
177910 177910 - 36.d
177910 177910 - 37.d
177910 177910 - 38.d
177910 177910 - 39.d
177910 177910 - 40.d
177910 177910 - 41.d
177910 177910 - 42.d
177910 177910 - 43.d
177910 177910 - 44.d
177910 177910 - 45.d
177910 177910 - 46.d
177910 177910 - 47.d
177910 177910 - 48.d
177910 177910 - 49.d
177910 177910 - 50.d
177910 177910 - 51.d
177910 177910 - 52.d
177910 177910 - 53.d
177910 177910 - 54.d
177910 177910 - 55.d
177910 177910 - 56.d
177910 177910 - 57.d
177910 177910 - 58.d
177910 177910 - 59.d
177910 177910 - 60.dTa W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Th U Group C Rocktype Rock Unit
52.3 5.75 3.85 2.78 0.241 0.05 0.0085 3.99 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
66 52.4 4.55 13.28 1.24 0.0465 0.0105 17.1 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
68.3 27.45 1.5 4.2 0.295 0.037 0.009 5.25 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
24.98 20.99 6 1.85 0.185 0.044 0.0075 2.71 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
87.5 45.1 5.5 4.27 0.3 0.06 0.063 5.91 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
195.6 58.1 2.35 6.2 0.44 0.0425 0.0115 7.82 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
69.7 53.7 3.45 12.52 1.25 0.0475 0.011 16.16 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
99.9 61.2 5.5 6.9 0.6 0.036 0.018 8.84 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
30.94 14.13 5 11.91 0.99 0.04 0.014 15.82 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
80.7 51.4 4.15 4.47 0.31 0.05 0.011 5.5 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
90.7 48.3 4 15.62 1.37 0.05 0.012 20.16 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
81 58.7 5 17.07 1.26 0.046 0.0095 21.65 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
79.8 47 5 4.02 0.39 0.0435 0.01 4.97 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
79.2 46 5 14.96 1.22 0.0335 0.0105 19.63 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
33.97 30.4 4.7 7.25 0.6 0.0375 0.0055 9.16 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
67.7 47.5 3.9 4.09 0.44 0.08 0.006 6.06 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
65 54.3 5.5 18.17 1.19 0.079 0.0125 23.78 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
47.06 9.94 4.85 3.87 0.22 0.035 0.0055 4.87 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
44.99 59.1 4.1 13.22 1.22 0.095 0.0026 18.94 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
72.1 43.8 3.9 14.66 1.21 0.04 0.0055 18.99 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
83.2 56.2 3.05 9.14 0.81 0.07 0.010 11.69 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
76 38 6.5 19.14 1.59 0.039 0.01 25.84 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
58.2 54.4 7 5.93 0.56 0.084 0.008 7.68 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
83.5 66.5 4.7 35.4 3.29 0.336 0.246 46.81 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
66.3 54 3.95 6.25 0.54 0.0435 0.008 8.36 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
49.75 39.2 4.6 4.72 0.47 0.06 0.007 6.41 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
50.98 55.2 3.05 11.39 0.96 0.036 0.035 14.04 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
38.24 39.1 5.5 9.2 0.69 0.035 0.0135 11.4 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
23.02 28.8 3.6 3.84 0.37 0.03 0.0045 5.5 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
56.06 40.2 6.5 1.75 0.145 0.055 0.0095 2.54 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
55.16 45.3 4.95 19.57 1.79 0.05 0.0125 27 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
41.74 10.39 4.15 7.77 0.51 0.055 0.008 10.54 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
76.6 57.4 5.5 36 3.33 0.075 0.268 48.13 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
66.1 42.1 3.9 11.13 1.04 0.0305 0.00395 14.99 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
55.4 12.2 3.45 3.79 0.357 0.07 0.0075 4.55 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
56.27 3.74 4.2 3.1 0.313 0.042 0.0085 4.17 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
42.17 44 4.95 5.13 0.38 0.034 0.009 6.86 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
86.2 38.5 5.5 3.21 0.28 0.0325 0.0095 4.64 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
79.63 53.5 3.75 6.91 0.82 0.0315 0.0021 9.5 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
41.35 70.7 3.85 8.87 0.85 0.055 0.012 12.55 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
62.52 39.2 4.6 22.32 1.9 0.06 0.058 28.69 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters DamAppendix D J.K. P ORTER 415Appendix D  Table 1 Page 27 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file Mg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf
177910 177910 - 61.d 234.4 37.7 770 3.44 80 4.42 605900 6403 1769 284 0.185 1.32 2.13 0.059 4791 1604 128.9 20.12 0.0365 105.4
177910 177910 - 62.d 232.2 49.9 425 2.44 105 2.7 599200 6083 2020 385 0.255 1.38 3.91 0.014 972.9 1990 113.3 8.22 0.12 52
177910 177910 - 63.d 234.2 40.1 385 2.27 100 3.92 602800 7202 1724 177 0.44 1.41 3.98 0.106 4210 952 95.7 29.9 0.1 99.2
177910 177910 - 64.d 235.3 38.1 600 1 95 4.57 603300 5532 1323 350 0.195 2.84 5.2 1.29 2610 1281 118.2 27.6 0.11 78.3
177910 177910 - 65.d 236.6 39.4 385 1.62 100 3.59 601700 6212 1709 297 0.26 1.38 4.03 0.081 3740 805.5 110.7 11.42 0.095 103
177910 177910 - 66.d 233.4 30.3 370 2.36 95 2.5 604300 6867 1812 173 0.335 1.36 3.82 0.052 1526 471.4 54.1 10.66 0.1 54.9
177910 177910 - 67.d 240 46.6 740 1.78 80 4.77 603400 6136 2011 366 0.32 1.75 5.1 0.049 4060 1758 108.4 9.37 0.065 104.8
177910 177910 - 68.d 227.9 17.7 770 0.8 125 3.78 602200 7309 2760 224 0.13 1.3 4.38 0.061 4150 1692 95.1 8.52 0.115 117.1
177910 177910 - 69.d 231.6 50.5 445 1.8 115 3.92 604100 4789 608.6 472 0.185 1.15 3.23 0.1 2910 685.5 105 13.22 0.065 76.4
177910 177910 - 70.d 228.1 41.4 485 2.79 125 1.28 605200 6179 2750 334 0.395 2.14 4.85 0.105 207.6 1923 93.9 10.94 0.155 20.49
177910 177910 - 71.d 223.1 61.2 465 2.07 80 1.77 604300 6620 1567 142 0.5 1.38 4.4 0.071 1436 1767 47.1 19.23 0.042 61.9
177910 177910 - 72.d 228 30.7 380 0.9 105 2.95 605300 6585 1850 86 0.285 1.63 4.8 0.094 2125 1831 99.2 10.75 0.075 81.1
177910 177910 - 73.d 227.4 50.6 365 2.56 100 1.5 604200 4777 320.3 195 0.34 1.22 2.94 0.093 218.5 259.4 15.1 9.59 0.13 6.22
177910 177910 - 74.d 227.5 43.9 345 3.14 85 3.01 601800 5917 1586 210 0.355 1.51 4.15 0.118 2291 1094 98.8 15.89 0.08 87
177910 177910 - 75.d 224.9 41.5 1140 1.85 115 5.86 604200 5818 2263 373 0.52 1.34 4.59 0.065 6119 2099 111.9 12.19 0.05 143.7
177910 177910 - 76.d 216.2 40.6 810 0.85 110 4.84 602200 6094 2117 317 0.24 1.69 4.8 0.082 5710 1549 110.3 8.87 0.065 127.5
177910 177910 - 77.d 209 57.4 1180 1.05 115 0.55 602700 6973 1014 505 0.335 4.14 10.6 0.29 110.5 23.96 21.7 5.81 0.13 0.74
177910 177910 - 78.d 217.5 17 325 2.05 95 3.04 602300 7162 1900 104 0.32 1.42 3.3 0.086 3020 1017 54.2 16.86 0.09 95.7
177910 177910 - 79.d 230 40 470 2.93 110 3.61 607100 7919 2159 173 0.23 1.24 4.22 0.084 4889 1065 101.1 29.4 0.16 111.1
177910 177910 - 80.d 235 43 920 2.6 100 2.43 604700 6329 2176 360 0.65 2.91 7.1 2.02 523 1721 105.4 7.44 0.023 26.8
177910 177910 - 81.d 231.3 32.4 500 2.94 125 4.35 606100 7708 2021 106 0.23 1.15 3.93 0.082 5351 2216 152.7 16.01 0.15 118.1
177910 177910 - 82.d 232.6 17.2 450 2.46 80 6.04 606000 6511 1785 12 0.29 1.83 5 0.116 5755 1320 104.5 7.19 0.1 126.5
177910 177910 - 83.d 232.6 40.3 380 2.55 80 1.47 600800 6941 1433 177 0.4 1.78 4 2.44 324.2 503.9 23.3 11.79 0.13 21.4
177910 177910 - 84.d 233.8 56.2 550 2.86 90 7.08 603400 7294 1646 566 1.36 4.42 5.2 8.8 6628 1913 122.7 9.64 0.16 158.8
177910 177910 - 85.d 236.5 46.7 280 2.15 90 2.2 602500 6178 1931 328 0.225 1.4 4.05 0.06 1050.6 1599 94.9 10.28 0.047 61.9
182416 182416S - 1.d 156.8 25.8 490 2.37 50 3.13 597800 331.6 884 3934 0.155 2.12 4.82 0.099 738.1 916 13.02 3.23 0.0345 41.9
182416 182416S - 2.d 143.6 14.82 840 1.32 55 5.02 599800 323.6 515.2 4281 0.17 1 2.8 0.088 6088 1621 58.3 106.9 0.331 136.5
182416 182416S - 3.d 160.4 410 5200 3.14 55 4.14 603900 301.3 1211 4170 0.145 30 5.39 4.84 838 732 112.9 9.7 16.6 28
182416 182416S - 4.d 153.7 17.74 600 2.49 49.5 12.34 602800 322.4 1797 3906 0.14 1.08 2.86 0.561 6704 1031 673.8 46.2 0.065 150.1
182416 182416S - 5.d 149 13.58 430 2.55 49 6.98 606500 307.4 1272 3717 0.1 1.07 2.66 0.128 7161 1355 175.6 7.25 0.055 169
182416 182416S - 6.d 151.9 16.6 400 2.07 38.5 4.64 605500 298.4 1198 3745 0.16 1.07 2.85 0.09 3505 1456.9 84.5 4.17 0.047 107.8
182416 182416S - 7.d 158.4 403 3910 1.68 36.5 2.86 599900 336.5 21.7 5150 0.16 1.52 2.91 0.79 79.5 877 14.67 9.49 13.73 5.48
182416 182416S - 8.d 144.7 38.4 750 1.91 49.5 4.87 601500 328.1 1598 4520 0.07 1.21 2.92 1.13 1730 1229 113.8 4.09 0.79 67.8
182416 182416S - 9.d 137.1 18.29 740 1.44 42.5 7.65 598500 316 1495 3623 0.105 1.32 3.04 0.11 4965 1295 295.1 7.05 0.06 145.3
182416 182416S - 10.d 144.7 15.78 230 2.22 44.5 3.21 602300 312.8 1378 4190 0.145 1.3 3.22 0.11 910 1234 110.3 4.64 0.204 57.5
182416 182416S - 11.d 158.5 27.9 730 0.65 60 8.37 602200 320.8 737.3 4495 0.095 1.54 3.18 0.173 6439 1270 79.4 5.11 0.351 152.3
182416 182416S - 12.d 156.2 15.58 950 1.83 33 4.19 604100 313.4 1503 3438 0.135 1.39 2.51 2.79 1320 895 128.3 5.08 3.34 53.5
182416 182416S - 13.d 155.5 12.62 450 1.65 50 6.89 602300 315.8 1598 4240 0.15 1.14 3.3 0.091 6687 1480.1 122.2 2.24 0.07 140.3
182416 182416S - 14.d 172.3 190 680 2.24 40.5 3.38 606300 327.4 1679 3549 0.145 1.51 3.6 0.114 1041 1939 209.7 6.46 10.8 57.66
182416 182416S - 15.d 152.2 17.39 500 1.26 48.5 3.68 605400 311.8 1668 3528 0.11 1.08 3.36 0.1 2112 731 292.6 5.76 0.08 68.3
182416 182416S - 16.d 150.7 13.27 370 1.62 50 2.76 605400 357.8 10.58 8330 0.185 1.32 3.51 0.296 55.87 532 7.25 16.47 12.36 3.84416 J.K. P ORTERAppendix D  Table 1 Page 28 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file
177910 177910 - 61.d
177910 177910 - 62.d
177910 177910 - 63.d
177910 177910 - 64.d
177910 177910 - 65.d
177910 177910 - 66.d
177910 177910 - 67.d
177910 177910 - 68.d
177910 177910 - 69.d
177910 177910 - 70.d
177910 177910 - 71.d
177910 177910 - 72.d
177910 177910 - 73.d
177910 177910 - 74.d
177910 177910 - 75.d
177910 177910 - 76.d
177910 177910 - 77.d
177910 177910 - 78.d
177910 177910 - 79.d
177910 177910 - 80.d
177910 177910 - 81.d
177910 177910 - 82.d
177910 177910 - 83.d
177910 177910 - 84.d
177910 177910 - 85.d
182416 182416S - 1.d
182416 182416S - 2.d
182416 182416S - 3.d
182416 182416S - 4.d
182416 182416S - 5.d
182416 182416S - 6.d
182416 182416S - 7.d
182416 182416S - 8.d
182416 182416S - 9.d
182416 182416S - 10.d
182416 182416S - 11.d
182416 182416S - 12.d
182416 182416S - 13.d
182416 182416S - 14.d
182416 182416S - 15.d
182416 182416S - 16.dTa W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Th U Group C Rocktype Rock Unit
63.1 34.9 3.05 3.82 0.27 0.041 0.0075 5.39 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
80.98 59.3 4.6 11.28 0.99 0.0355 0.0115 15.55 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
60.2 41.8 3.4 4 0.371 0.055 0.012 5.85 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
32.59 41 6.5 4.28 0.38 0.05 0.012 5.31 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
41.13 50.5 6 6.65 0.5 0.061 0.008 8.27 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
29.53 24.6 5.5 7.45 0.59 0.041 0.01 9.52 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
64.9 40.7 3.1 14.58 1.34 0.038 0.013 19.92 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
88.9 58.7 3.05 17.86 1.47 0.05 0.0004 24.07 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
34.82 6.99 3.85 3.91 0.32 0.0465 0.0105 5.34 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
110.3 62.5 3 5.68 0.46 0.0375 0.0075 7.8 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
77.1 37.8 4.35 16.92 1.38 0.0425 0.0043 22.14 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
65.77 46.8 5 10.65 0.82 0.043 0.00475 14.75 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
0.343 0.065 4.75 2.59 0.194 0.036 0.0125 3.94 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
43.13 42.5 4.6 3.43 0.313 0.0425 0.009 5.16 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
124 55.6 3.25 4.93 0.6 0.023 0.009 6.93 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
58.41 55.8 4.55 5.05 0.52 0.05 0.0075 6.77 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
0.0105 20.7 8.5 3.01 0.32 0.113 0.004 3.25 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
63.67 44.1 4.75 4.83 0.33 0.04 0.0075 7.12 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
54.39 51.2 3.75 9.57 1.11 0.0355 0.0115 13.16 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
69.9 54.4 2.7 9.6 0.89 0.236 0.058 12.59 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
61.19 39.1 4.05 8.3 0.8 0.0375 0.0055 11.38 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
60.56 42.8 3.4 6.13 0.5 0.039 0.008 8.36 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
24.21 67.3 4.1 3.21 0.34 0.122 0.138 4.78 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
112.8 46.9 6 12.89 1.33 0.08 0.0185 19.42 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
86 57.4 4 25.35 2.04 0.0275 0.0085 36.46 1 quartzite Albany-Fraser Orogen, Peters Dam
22.94 12.63 1 14.76 2.47 1.14 0.0032 12.21 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
68.81 18.31 2.15 70.9 10.34 0.0195 0.00225 55.93 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
4.24 22.9 3.2 29.6 6.26 4.09 7.6 28.46 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
18.29 0.763 1.45 33.9 3.87 0.162 0.076 40.1 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
17.98 9.95 1.85 63.8 10.67 0.02 0.0126 44.69 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
65.53 1.82 1.8 67.9 11.56 0.0195 0.00365 44.42 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
40.3 48.2 4.9 8.56 6.02 6.07 2.11 4.87 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
42.59 0.92 2 36.2 4.76 0.337 0.291 38.58 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
20.83 25.84 1.55 57.3 8.15 0.0245 0.0141 49.26 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
33.27 1.7 2.25 33.47 4.35 0.203 0.166 35.03 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
57.82 7.17 1.75 241.2 39 0.361 0.12 180.4 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
28.7 30.16 1.45 15.68 2.17 0.542 2.04 18.32 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
47.7 0.432 1.85 35.6 6.42 0.025 0.0036 22.68 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
59.83 40.1 1.45 25.91 3.31 0.53 0.62 28.3 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
15.68 0.59 1.45 25.9 3.36 0.09 0.05 24.53 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
5.71 116.2 5.7 8.53 5.4 4.94 0.692 5.48 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill FmAppendix D J.K. P ORTER 417Appendix D  Table 1 Page 29 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file Mg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf
182416 182416S - 17.d 150.7 20.33 250 1.69 38.5 7.01 606600 319.6 1138 3973 0.13 1.08 3.04 0.147 6556 1293 233.8 16 0.0485 149.1
182416 182416S - 18.d 160.2 283 3040 1.83 49 2.5 601100 342.3 74.9 8110 0.14 2.07 4.48 1.72 62.2 850 33.8 20 51.6 3.72
182416 182416S - 19.d 152.9 18.78 260 1.97 38.5 3.74 601800 315.4 1560 3840 0.06 1.06 3.61 1.89 2049 1635 210.6 52.1 1.14 78.9
182416 182416S - 20.d 147.1 22.71 550 1.68 43.5 4.03 605600 405.4 1383 5662 0.095 0.97 3.11 0.085 545.3 10834 126.2 7.13 0.424 43.2
182416 182416S - 21.d 147.5 23.8 670 1.62 47 10 603800 350.4 1800 3985 0.075 1.13 3.15 0.625 9250 4130 143 5.22 3.2 197.3
182416 182416S - 22.d 144.9 20.51 1070 1.57 50 10.78 604600 323.8 964.9 3449 0.1 0.95 2.37 0.762 6880 1675 247.3 6.48 0.379 162.5
182416 182416S - 23.d 153 32.1 440 2.09 42.5 5.99 607100 318.5 1525 4040 0.13 1.12 2.93 2.89 2693 1190 14.45 4.77 3.32 74.9
182416 182416S - 24.d 145.7 19.9 490 1.8 33 4.68 604900 313.2 974 3626 0.125 0.992 2.34 0.302 1483 1206.8 31.8 2.04 0.5 68.7
182416 182416S - 25.d 144.6 17.38 560 1.36 44 3.52 616000 309 1069 3831 0.1 0.9 2.82 0.103 1959 1104.5 67.3 4.4 0.0155 71.6
182416 182416S - 26.d 145 21.74 810 1.68 36.5 9.04 603900 325.9 713.6 4395 0.115 1.16 3.39 4.31 6290 1282 118.2 5.24 8.66 139.5
182416 182416S - 27.d 141.7 18.92 940 1.88 105 7.74 599100 336.2 2230 3631 0.092 1.15 2.31 0.119 9122 2257 187.4 4.99 0.62 154.7
182416 182416S - 28.d 137.8 18.71 900 1.15 46 6.28 604200 298.5 1402 3737 0.1 1.19 2.56 0.81 5260 1003.8 83.4 7.86 0.83 124.7
182416 182416S - 29.d 152 360 23200 0.6 102 3.85 600900 524 450 151000 1.23 2.06 3.87 11.2 215 2920 253 27.4 52.9 23.7
182416 182416S - 30.d 147.2 22.58 690 1.79 55 5.59 602900 326 813.6 3936 0.095 1.09 3.14 0.118 5053 1976 101.2 4.39 0.0365 127.5
182416 182416S - 31.d 144.1 17.82 240 0.5 50 4.76 603800 348.9 696.1 4320 0.125 1.19 3.9 1.27 1370 1103.3 69.9 15.62 1.02 60.8
182416 182416S - 32.d 171.3 493 2180 2.43 34.5 8.58 605100 347.2 1137 6780 0.1 1.24 3.15 9.8 5248 458 177.6 9.43 8.05 139.7
182416 182416S - 33.d 175 1000 5580 1.8 46.5 3.84 605700 340.4 19.5 4690 0.18 1.21 2.52 3.07 195.3 600 8.81 6.59 15.1 9.4
182416 182416S - 34.d 150.1 20.59 195 2.13 42.5 4.03 603300 359.3 2370 4091 0.1 1.72 5.8 0.094 1980 4614 304.7 18.95 0.024 81.9
182416 182416S - 35.d 146.4 16.41 420 1.73 48.5 5.34 603500 411.9 1295 4737 0.135 1.12 3.11 0.129 657.4 8241 702.2 33.08 0.218 43.93
182416 182416S - 36.d 137.7 25 1650 1.2 130 10.17 599700 497 2820 5290 0.26 1.13 2.66 0.182 9500 2983 182 7 0.08 186.9
182416 182416S - 37.d 142.4 24.7 1600 2.09 65 9.67 604300 357.4 1430 4364 0.26 1.9 3.63 2.99 7330 1895 325.6 24.03 0.57 169.3
182416 182416S - 38.d 144.7 11.9 560 1.72 45 3.45 603800 309.9 1559 3155 0.095 1.06 2.52 0.086 560.1 937.3 83.8 6.15 0.034 33.79
182416 182416S - 39.d 148.2 16.51 205 1.93 60 4.33 605300 318.3 925.2 3669 0.12 1.1 2.54 0.078 1438 1417 78.6 2.99 0.08 74
182416 182416S - 40.d 140.7 14.95 530 1.51 38 3.12 601600 324.2 939 3392 0.14 1.09 2.98 0.089 883 1560 200.4 33.07 0.046 48.89
182416 182416S - 41.d 155.3 204 680 1.92 43 4.38 601500 328.7 482 3880 0.055 1.53 3.53 3.22 1271 1031.9 43.3 4.06 2.76 62.6
182416 182416S - 42.d 142.4 16.61 640 1.72 43 3.46 602000 304.4 985 3689 0.09 1.15 3.01 0.801 1489 1365 283.5 5.87 0.97 62.2
182416 182416S - 43.d 153.4 14.48 390 2.19 39.5 4.98 603500 312.9 1058 3606 0.095 1.1 3.52 0.077 764.8 1357 97.9 3.49 0.055 47.88
182416 182416S - 44.d 146.1 18.04 710 1.91 46 2.17 604100 310.2 831 3402 0.09 1.11 4.02 0.425 168.2 18.8 14.22 9.48 17.2 6.01
182416 182416S - 45.d 161.4 172 195 2.76 60 7.73 611100 349 713 3910 0.08 2.81 4.25 0.393 6160 1547 201.5 81.2 23.1 159.9
182416 182416S - 46.d 151.5 41.2 740 1.64 31 10.04 603400 309.6 1186 3387 0.105 1.17 2.58 2.76 7299 736 147.8 7.39 1.33 154.8
182416 182416S - 47.d 152.2 21.12 640 1.6 45 9.96 605600 326.8 1054.3 4164 0.095 1.38 2.39 0.095 7162 1996 176 7.17 0.03 149.6
182416 182416S - 48.d 151 16.25 600 0.92 39 2.97 604600 323.6 438.7 4260 0.185 1.4 3.09 0.21 715.6 467 133.6 5.24 1.18 64.3
182416 182416S - 49.d 141.1 17.05 860 1.1 47.5 2.8 606500 327.8 879 3370 0.12 1.08 3.87 0.129 405.5 1454.2 69.5 3.91 1.53 31.81
182416 182416S - 50.d 147.2 135 670 1.74 55 5.49 601900 314.4 1138 3650 0.245 1.14 2.73 1.11 716.5 1335 48.6 5.87 0.46 42.5
182416 182416S - 51.d 150.3 28.4 630 1.8 55 4.05 600500 339.3 1047 3810 0.17 7.1 4.5 0.181 993 925 85.3 1.55 0.08 51.2
182416 182416S - 52.d 156.1 31.91 385 2.56 50 5.69 606500 314.1 990 3778 0.039 1.22 2.53 0.13 6361 1349 127.1 8.96 0.05 146.1
182416 182416S - 53.d 149.4 20.2 2220 2.36 60 2.76 604300 332.2 13.3 5440 0.145 1.12 3.35 1.52 106.3 483 10.04 4.21 24.7 4.99
182416 182416S - 54.d 150 15.21 440 2.56 55 3.05 601400 321.4 1945 3970 0.065 1.11 2.87 0.111 662.5 1554 131.9 3.39 0.55 35.06
182416 182416S - 55.d 151.3 26.28 570 2.37 42.5 3.08 604600 335.1 1664 3903 0.17 1.16 3.23 0.162 496 4119 67 5.63 0.58 27.22
182416 182416S - 56.d 150.6 13.68 520 3.2 45 6.79 602600 378.6 2895 3510 0.07 220 2.58 0.208 7564 700 288.3 10.39 0.364 184.7
182416 182416S - 57.d 153 23.65 1300 1.61 35 11.07 602500 327 1186 3894 0.105 1 2.83 1.097 7800 1251.1 132.8 3.73 0.214 163.4418 J.K. P ORTERAppendix D  Table 1 Page 30 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file
182416 182416S - 17.d
182416 182416S - 18.d
182416 182416S - 19.d
182416 182416S - 20.d
182416 182416S - 21.d
182416 182416S - 22.d
182416 182416S - 23.d
182416 182416S - 24.d
182416 182416S - 25.d
182416 182416S - 26.d
182416 182416S - 27.d
182416 182416S - 28.d
182416 182416S - 29.d
182416 182416S - 30.d
182416 182416S - 31.d
182416 182416S - 32.d
182416 182416S - 33.d
182416 182416S - 34.d
182416 182416S - 35.d
182416 182416S - 36.d
182416 182416S - 37.d
182416 182416S - 38.d
182416 182416S - 39.d
182416 182416S - 40.d
182416 182416S - 41.d
182416 182416S - 42.d
182416 182416S - 43.d
182416 182416S - 44.d
182416 182416S - 45.d
182416 182416S - 46.d
182416 182416S - 47.d
182416 182416S - 48.d
182416 182416S - 49.d
182416 182416S - 50.d
182416 182416S - 51.d
182416 182416S - 52.d
182416 182416S - 53.d
182416 182416S - 54.d
182416 182416S - 55.d
182416 182416S - 56.d
182416 182416S - 57.dTa W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Th U Group C Rocktype Rock Unit
40.3 2.09 1.65 63.3 9.5 0.017 0.0173 55.54 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
15.21 77.2 3.15 26.6 5.87 5.07 8.57 30.3 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
69.4 112 1.65 80.6 10.66 3.83 14.2 74 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
769 70.1 1.55 14.79 1.69 0.064 0.344 16.55 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
928 4.3 2.35 30.9 4.55 0.43 0.81 27.8 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
41.74 20.97 1.95 34.6 3.93 0.204 0.243 37.77 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
35.08 13.41 1.7 36.8 6.8 3.78 15.83 29.13 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
24.45 13.7 2.15 20.08 2.87 0.52 1.12 18.31 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
25.22 25.77 2 19.85 2.42 0.022 0.0226 20.77 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
30.14 3.23 2.3 31.79 3.9 0.94 4.1 46.1 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
59.27 4.02 4.15 15.39 1.9 0.149 0.0169 14.94 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
42.23 0.721 2.25 45.06 5.59 0.214 0.43 45.22 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
102.2 121.9 2.3 66.9 11.81 8.4 34.7 72.4 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
98.62 15.29 1.45 28.7 3.43 0.023 0.0024 30.66 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
26.45 13.3 1.6 29.4 4.58 1.44 1.336 34.2 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
11.06 35.4 2.1 29.92 5.85 6.28 23.6 27.99 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
28.55 42.8 18 22 17.1 20.1 11.9 3.91 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
157.2 4.87 1.8 198 36 0.266 0.00305 106.7 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
541 38.41 2 134.6 24.12 0.181 0.95 87.6 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
122.2 53.6 4.55 29.86 3.92 0.244 0.019 26.43 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
46.25 9.34 2.95 59 7.47 0.77 3.26 51.33 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
21.35 0.247 2.95 21.91 2.69 0.046 0.084 21.26 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
45.65 6.31 2.9 152.6 23.88 0.036 0.012 112.4 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
77.95 0.7 1.9 38.8 4.83 0.0205 0.0221 36.41 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
35.58 4.5 1.8 13.95 2.08 1.43 8.21 17.83 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
58.99 14.2 2.4 61.1 7.77 0.917 2.49 58.87 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
36.89 2.72 2 50.8 7.8 0.017 0.0144 38.3 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
0.616 11.04 2.2 25.28 3.16 3.02 15.6 26.57 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
75.2 55 2.55 164.2 30.13 3.26 7.4 93.8 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
18.72 26.3 1.35 11.51 2.39 2.05 10.8 9.35 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
60.08 0.75 1.65 44.6 6.56 0.264 0.0055 34.53 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
14.26 25.82 2.6 21.29 2.52 0.464 0.968 25.83 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
56.09 2.07 1.95 17.32 2.03 0.181 0.804 22.2 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
65.68 47.89 2.05 276.9 41.9 1.7 5.98 211.7 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
29.9 11.4 3.45 22.4 4.71 2.17 0.02 15.03 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
31.86 3.63 1.55 43.1 6.08 0.038 0.103 38.84 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
17.75 31.8 4.4 8.22 4.71 4.65 2.83 6.25 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
94.81 29.54 1.7 8.15 0.813 0.158 0.351 11.81 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
242.8 7.75 2.1 9.42 1.41 0.512 0.758 12.01 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
13.57 10.79 1.8 52.1 7.22 1.49 0.158 45.45 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
19.1 5.43 1.9 27.22 3.59 0.151 0.014 30.11 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill FmAppendix D J.K. P ORTER 419Appendix D  Table 1 Page 31 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file Mg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf
182416 182416S - 58.d 157 17.8 620 1.88 45 3.55 604500 323.7 1527 3557 0.06 1.03 2.65 0.093 620.9 2549 82 5.56 0.4 44.9
182416 182416S - 59.d 151.7 15.34 610 1.45 38.5 2.98 607300 312 769.4 3616 0.065 1.05 3.01 0.169 784.3 504 55 3.46 1.16 44
182416 182416S - 60.d 152 14.57 800 1.11 44.5 7.02 606000 302.3 2853 3080 0.115 1.03 3.2 0.093 5335 624 161.6 5.93 0.039 132.1
182416 182416S - 61.d 162.8 126 1510 1.18 49.5 2.55 601600 354.1 33.4 5080 0.12 1.18 3.28 0.283 63.96 449 15.6 6.73 24.7 4.38
182416 182416S - 62.d 157.1 28.8 640 1.88 35.5 3.94 605300 353.2 1599 3802 0.125 1.56 3.69 0.401 1268 3091 51.1 8.39 4.79 68.6
182416 182416S - 63.d 156.7 15.5 660 1.64 41.5 6.8 604300 321.3 1454 3720 0.13 1.04 2.77 0.67 6477 1818 248.8 66.9 0.73 191.5
182416 182416 - 1.d 156.1 16.71 740 0.5 43.5 2.61 601500 339.3 6.2 3467 0.12 0.97 3.03 0.427 40.21 380 7.38 2.12 7.43 2.6
182416 182416 - 2.d 152.1 18.07 660 1.09 55 6.21 600300 310.3 1757 3237 0.085 1.18 2.96 0.194 5583 1337 76.9 1.73 0.27 131.5
182416 182416 - 3.d 156.6 22.6 1410 2.18 55 2.57 599400 351.4 85.6 3230 0.075 2.19 3.36 0.87 99.8 328 27.3 12.63 37.4 6.42
182416 182416 - 4.d 152.3 26.6 700 2.01 46.5 10.14 607300 415.6 731.6 3460 0.105 1.15 2.69 0.728 8506 1769 423.8 53.8 0.86 186.5
182416 182416 - 5.d 251.2 4970 24200 1.87 55 6.75 599900 356.3 59.1 3661 0.59 1.49 4.51 6.02 471 1779 38.7 16.92 43.6 21.4
182416 182416 - 6.d 166 900 1950 0.85 60 2.94 600000 345.6 39.2 4760 0.12 3.31 5.68 1.41 83 853 29.1 7.91 47.7 3.62
182416 182416 - 7.d 168.5 751 4850 0.7 122 3.86 603300 354.1 158 4760 0.0485 8.6 4.55 4.6 260 852 33.4 17.23 37.1 8.62
182416 182416 - 8.d 144.6 71 3850 0.55 45.5 2.72 601000 354.8 53 6000 0.135 1.92 3.65 0.566 61.6 972 33.5 19.32 28.6 3.58
182416 182416 - 9.d 167.6 619 4970 1.94 46 2.83 603400 346.6 34.6 6150 0.155 2.54 3.58 0.699 76.1 564 22.3 10.85 20.2 4.3
182416 182416 - 10.d 153 17.71 295 2.51 48.5 4.41 604200 341.3 404 3488 0.143 1.43 3.29 2.51 2573 1243.8 153.3 84.4 1.1 80.6
182416 182416 - 11.d 143.8 20.4 660 2.16 40 2.6 605800 358.9 14.35 11320 0.145 1.3 3.17 0.369 36.2 349 9.75 4.57 30.9 3.02
182416 182416 - 12.d 151.7 25.8 750 1.97 50 2.59 599300 335.6 16 3530 0.16 5.7 7.8 0.43 18.8 169 25.2 7.23 17 0.69
182416 182416 - 13.d 178.7 1100 8500 1.83 50 2.9 599100 377.7 87.6 3660 0.32 3.97 4.67 0.95 101.9 811 32.2 24.2 38.6 4.56
182416 182416 - 14.d 151.9 70.1 255 2.16 70 3.75 595400 322.8 1236 2727 0.105 5.52 4.91 0.79 1520 1065 108.6 9.68 11.6 63.7
182416 182416 - 15.d 160.4 35.2 250 3.29 55 2.66 599900 362.4 28.7 5240 0.14 1.89 3.04 1.56 41.9 1045 14.4 6.93 22.2 2.49
182416 182416 - 16.d 164.1 99 600 2.35 43 2.54 603300 341.8 23.83 6090 0.09 2.29 3.84 0.432 47.56 879 12.76 14.76 11.12 2.48
182416 182416 - 17.d 183.8 756 17100 2.31 46.5 11.9 604400 355.9 54.9 3283 0.37 2.27 6.03 142 9900 776 27.8 12.35 38.5 129
182416 182416 - 18.d 319 17.3 520 2.15 44.5 4.84 605100 354.8 524.3 4240 0.74 1.52 3.78 0.215 2983 2010 86.7 4.04 3.03 95.4
182416 182416 - 19.d 154.4 16.45 335 1.4 40.5 6.95 602700 308.6 1227 3309 0.105 1.05 2.77 0.151 6492 476 184 9.7 0.065 131
182416 182416 - 20.d 158.7 31.6 230 2.03 55 6.24 596600 319 1584 3265 0.1 3.63 4.06 0.076 5870 1211 135.6 5.71 0.47 143.2
182416 182416 - 21.d 155.7 30.6 1190 2.13 50 2.92 602600 357 18.8 4440 0.135 1.38 5.79 0.42 38.07 731 35.9 5.42 10.57 1.85
182416 182416 - 22.d 176.8 361 25700 2.71 70 2.83 600900 367.2 93.9 11200 0.18 5.73 6.6 0.725 67.1 932 29.3 13.3 33.2 3.03
182416 182416 - 23.d 145.9 18.51 840 1.39 50 6.63 601400 332.3 1365 3415 0.15 0.99 3.14 0.129 5275 2443 158.2 3.54 0.307 137.5
182416 182416 - 24.d 151.3 119 950 1.53 49.5 7.84 603900 339.5 872 2942 0.16 1.55 3.48 1.63 6186 1167 44.7 10.97 11.7 133.7
182416 182416 - 25.d 167.5 451 2120 3.19 60 2.68 603500 347.7 114 4720 0.13 3.73 6.22 2.12 60.8 825 36.5 19.54 37.1 2.43
182416 182416 - 26.d 149.5 188 1110 2.59 70 6.06 601300 409.1 762 4186 0.08 3.56 4.74 3.12 3070 7570 159.7 70.2 23.5 119.8
182416 182416 - 27.d 153.3 19.18 390 2.06 50 6.46 602600 310.3 1568 3386 0.085 1.02 2.5 0.342 5571 1645 209.8 19.06 0.226 149.6
182416 182416 - 28.d 156.5 16.82 155 1.45 39.5 6.12 604400 325 647 3529 0.11 1.26 2.91 0.085 6499 1018.4 117.1 6.89 0.05 155.8
182416 182416 - 29.d 167.2 63.2 270 2.42 60 3.74 603000 378.1 41 3350 0.115 3.08 6 0.636 73.5 762 12.15 4.05 15.96 3.99
182416 182416 - 30.d 163.8 24.4 500 1.85 45 9.68 604800 435.1 1009 4689 0.19 1.1 3.8 0.283 10057 3222 3600 30.8 0.51 219.5
182416 182416 - 31.d 168.5 115 240 1.63 43 3.95 604000 363.2 32.7 3056 0.26 1.51 4.21 4.32 277 469 12.7 6.16 18.5 11.36
182416 182416 - 32.d 159.8 85.3 1460 1.75 60 10.4 604800 367 669.6 4143 0.14 4.1 8.72 2.09 8136 2076 199.4 29.3 4.69 178.2
182416 182416 - 33.d 156.5 52.3 1450 1.34 50 7.85 607800 359.9 421.6 3920 0.115 2.2 4.61 14.9 4850 2121 127.5 2.42 0.658 119
182416 182416 - 34.d 159 13.87 710 1.66 55 2.74 604000 347.9 5.14 8420 0.11 1.07 2.95 0.379 21.08 447 1.72 0.425 11.19 2.82
182416 182416 - 35.d 157.3 37.4 1130 1.69 46 11.35 603400 355.7 986 3670 0.12 1.52 3.09 6.63 6490 1448.6 42.8 33.5 6.97 160.4420 J.K. P ORTERAppendix D  Table 1 Page 32 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file
182416 182416S - 58.d
182416 182416S - 59.d
182416 182416S - 60.d
182416 182416S - 61.d
182416 182416S - 62.d
182416 182416S - 63.d
182416 182416 - 1.d
182416 182416 - 2.d
182416 182416 - 3.d
182416 182416 - 4.d
182416 182416 - 5.d
182416 182416 - 6.d
182416 182416 - 7.d
182416 182416 - 8.d
182416 182416 - 9.d
182416 182416 - 10.d
182416 182416 - 11.d
182416 182416 - 12.d
182416 182416 - 13.d
182416 182416 - 14.d
182416 182416 - 15.d
182416 182416 - 16.d
182416 182416 - 17.d
182416 182416 - 18.d
182416 182416 - 19.d
182416 182416 - 20.d
182416 182416 - 21.d
182416 182416 - 22.d
182416 182416 - 23.d
182416 182416 - 24.d
182416 182416 - 25.d
182416 182416 - 26.d
182416 182416 - 27.d
182416 182416 - 28.d
182416 182416 - 29.d
182416 182416 - 30.d
182416 182416 - 31.d
182416 182416 - 32.d
182416 182416 - 33.d
182416 182416 - 34.d
182416 182416 - 35.dTa W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Th U Group C Rocktype Rock Unit
160.9 0.91 2.6 33.6 4.19 0.083 0.211 33.25 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
23.64 2 1.8 28.67 3.59 0.243 0.728 31.47 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
30.44 0.75 2.3 30.8 4.51 0.026 0.0008 26.56 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
25.43 33.2 5.9 9.4 6.87 7 0.976 4.09 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
387 289.5 1.45 28.4 3.27 0.845 4.55 35.43 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
62.61 8.71 1.8 186.3 27.58 0.113 0.119 150.2 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
14.81 13.22 3.1 9.54 3.45 3.22 1.146 9.72 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
44.85 0.77 1.3 27.88 4.89 0.286 0.42 20.21 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
5.38 36.7 2 12.85 3.98 3.83 3.6 12.1 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
69.35 4.15 1.65 177.4 26.78 0.288 0.55 150.8 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
165.8 106.4 9.9 18.3 9.56 10.15 9.96 12.29 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
15.61 62.3 5.6 7.03 4.21 4.8 4.37 4.25 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
20.98 93.9 5.3 14.84 7.26 7.46 9.1 10.13 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
21.26 51.4 2.2 13.18 4.11 3.9 4.35 13.68 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
18.98 43.7 4.6 9.05 5.12 5.43 1.82 5.01 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
49.53 19.58 1.95 127 20.69 2.61 11.3 88.7 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
8.83 38.5 5.8 8.79 5.4 5.69 1.53 4.49 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
18.6 44 5.6 7.54 6.14 5.85 1.2 3.06 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
17.33 97.1 3.6 13.18 5.03 5.59 6.24 10.73 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
50.8 57.3 3.75 22.1 3.76 2.18 3.24 23.2 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
54.32 44.5 14.4 19.36 15.87 16.22 0.767 4.56 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
13.2 146.8 4.2 10.39 5.82 5.92 1.69 6.68 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
57.3 82.8 21.7 31.4 19.2 22.2 17.4 14 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
49.39 13.74 2.75 38.09 7.03 0.445 0.044 27.07 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
14.89 7.46 1.35 26.43 3.44 0.0175 0.0206 23.95 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
57.3 11.8 2 119.4 22 1.6 0.099 65 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
8.49 35 7.4 9.96 7.08 7.02 0.79 4.16 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
48.1 88.2 4.35 9.72 6.21 9.6 3.26 4.21 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
110.1 2.66 2.55 93.5 15.22 0.08 0.059 74.3 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
46.36 15.5 1.85 30.84 4.75 1.9 2.84 29.25 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
14.38 57.5 2.8 12.95 4.14 4.51 5.19 11.92 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
609 20.9 2.35 110 17.23 2.48 6.22 82.4 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
37.34 0.37 1.85 193.5 32.41 0.239 0.403 140.2 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
31.21 1.74 1.65 190.7 34.5 0.0125 0.037 123 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
57.1 27.5 8 9.66 8.08 8.34 1.89 2.263 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
123.3 28.68 2.3 70.4 10.27 0.389 0.245 53.07 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
21.8 38.4 4.8 7.51 5.46 6.03 14.4 5.58 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
140.9 25.1 2.1 98.7 16.08 3.22 9.58 63.4 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
230.2 28.83 1.55 21.9 3.52 1.31 37.5 20.44 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
25.44 41.3 6.9 9.99 7.38 7.26 0.384 4.95 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
46.1 35.7 2 68.1 8.31 2.71 19.4 86.5 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill FmAppendix D J.K. P ORTER 421Appendix D  Table 1 Page 33 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file Mg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf
182416 182416 - 36.d 160.3 18.1 250 1.77 42 2.77 606300 366.4 7.88 5580 0.16 1.05 2.64 0.305 29.5 968 4 1.3 6.39 1.99
182416 182416 - 37.d 161.8 19.5 480 2.18 46 9.65 606200 330.5 1605 3532 0.13 1.34 2.89 0.303 6928 1272.1 132.9 7.97 0.078 162.6
182416 182416 - 38.d 152.9 20.9 150 1.32 36.5 3.39 599500 363.8 775.3 3870 0.09 1 2.16 0.164 822.4 3200 192.2 33.2 2.05 54.9
182416 182416 - 39.d 155.5 18.4 165 1.96 31.5 8.09 604800 321.4 836.3 3332 0.115 1.22 2.41 0.346 5124 403 107.1 2.17 0.195 141.1
182416 182416 - 40.d 176.2 820 5790 1.5 55 2.78 601600 363.2 49.5 3843 0.14 2.03 3.59 0.63 92.4 846 22.3 16.7 24.6 3.66
182416 182416 - 41.d 155.7 132 29100 1.65 37.5 12.09 602100 358.3 462.9 7760 0.095 1.59 2.88 151 5100 1874 46 22.24 32.3 156.5
182416 182416 - 42.d 152.3 24.5 690 1.77 48 8.96 604800 371.7 474.1 4585 0.25 1.36 4.01 3.26 6420 2594 620.4 71.2 7.21 161.1
182416 182416 - 43.d 171.2 940 2360 0.65 50 3.9 602200 364.5 551 3259 0.21 3.7 4.15 3.27 360 1375 112.2 23.2 42.2 26.5
182416 182416 - 44.d 143.5 99 710 1.57 60 3.18 598900 341.2 38.9 3700 0.145 3.53 4.48 1.02 75.6 471 12.5 6.41 27.4 2.63
182416 182416 - 45.d 170 710 7100 1.25 48.5 2.93 602000 359.2 30.6 11980 0.24 1.24 3 1.019 110.9 544 28.4 14.33 26 4.98
182416 182416 - 46.d 140.7 23.5 700 1.47 55 2.51 605300 357.6 29.6 3840 0.18 2.33 3.85 0.416 44.13 861 13.4 7.42 16.02 1.23
182416 182416 - 47.d 141.3 31.8 195 1.39 43 4.95 602800 623.7 1208 3216 0.11 5.2 11.1 0.109 2896 1307 48 3.58 0.049 78.3
182416 182416 - 48.d 148.2 52.8 18800 0.49 55 3.1 596000 392.8 18.5 21400 0.14 2.34 5.26 0.282 24.59 427 15.74 11.34 28.4 1.94
182416 182416 - 49.d 193.4 890 10090 2.08 50 3.21 604300 366.7 38.8 7420 0.21 3.13 6.47 1.47 56.8 496 18.21 11.15 23.7 3.33
182416 182416 - 50.d 166.4 220 2300 2.54 48 2.75 609100 384.6 103.1 23800 0.37 3.38 4.86 2.23 82.9 743 26.5 33.3 41.7 3.58
182416 182416 - 51.d 167.7 340 1280 2.1 50 3.05 607700 352.5 97.8 4940 0.08 4.5 4.02 1.72 101.9 663 36.2 17.13 38.5 4.91
182416 182416 - 52.d 199.1 710 4990 3.7 110 3.65 608000 374.1 96.5 6070 0.18 6.37 7.1 0.63 234 421 26.9 16.12 27.7 7.1
182416 182416 - 53.d 151.2 34.5 190 2.45 55 2.94 602900 379.2 1361 4094 0.11 2.31 3.55 0.23 882 2427 889 35.21 0.225 55.6
182416 182416 - 54.d 233 3490 11200 2.42 47.5 3.85 601200 397.3 69 15600 0.88 2.67 5.8 1.46 69.6 1108 40.6 25.87 49.6 3.14
182416 182416 - 55.d 152 13.42 430 1.65 33 3.55 605600 330.6 1275 3552 0.07 1.26 3.06 0.28 2449 852 213 18.45 0.53 78.8
182416 182416 - 56.d 194.3 1300 2030 1.98 43.5 2.65 605900 339.3 51.5 8300 0.095 2.73 4.09 0.204 58.2 502 14 10.48 14.6 3
182416 182416 - 57.d 174.1 720 1930 1.7 50 2.96 601600 358.1 87.2 7740 0.33 1.33 3.66 1.73 39.97 623 45.3 23.08 72.5 2.94
182416 182416 - 58.d 153.4 11.25 640 1.3 60 2.87 602600 361.3 10.67 4190 0.065 1.6 7.06 0.39 71.7 757 7.34 1.45 6.76 2.84
182416 182416 - 59.d 161.4 42.3 13900 1.86 70 2.85 604100 345.6 30.1 3291 0.135 1.9 3 0.227 44.29 967 9.7 13.95 14.38 2.4
182416 182416 - 60.d 155.3 68 1640 2.58 50 5.51 605500 331.4 885 3240 0.17 7.8 4.8 2.4 4048 1327 33.1 5.19 1.51 103.5
182416 182416 - 61.d 167.1 270 2730 1.89 55 2.73 600300 366.3 23.4 6610 0.135 1.27 3.64 0.712 68.6 1151 14.03 8.06 16.66 4.43
182416 182416 - 62.d 162.1 66 560 2.38 65 2.47 605900 360.7 39.4 3248 0.145 3.31 6.08 0.61 47.3 536 12.4 8.4 22.2 1.98
182416 182416 - 63.d 162.8 291 2640 1.36 45.5 3.11 600500 353 62.4 4670 0.1 2.14 3.17 2.02 214.3 604 11.67 20.3 15.09 9.28
182416 182416 - 64.d 159.2 20.82 215 1.6 55 4.51 606400 349.6 879 3756 0.15 2.78 3.24 0.365 1600 1825 10.76 3.48 0.65 63.9
182416 182416 - 65.d 149.4 30.1 670 1.61 45.5 3.22 595700 345.3 765.6 3747 0.12 2.3 3.45 0.091 1114 1606 368.3 8.64 1.22 54.4
182416 182416 - 66.d 186.9 1260 2340 1.85 47.5 4.43 601100 351.1 19.1 7610 0.32 4.9 4.35 0.465 40.3 572 11.73 2.97 11.29 2.37
182416 182416 - 67.d 258 5100 31700 1.95 60 3.65 603000 370.1 70.5 5160 0.74 1.2 4.95 0.414 79 1250 23.1 23.8 25.9 4.77
182416 182416 - 68.d 160.2 43.9 680 2.17 35.5 4.67 606400 357.7 1340 3467 0.115 3.18 4.27 3.11 1160 2191 138.2 14.26 11.38 52.5
182416 182416 - 69.d 147.8 38.2 11310 1.58 49 2.57 607700 345.7 75.8 5310 0.08 2.18 3.46 0.652 93.5 652 30.5 13.24 43.3 4.38
182416 182416 - 70.d 208 2170 4740 2.02 65 4.85 601000 351.2 80.1 4630 0.22 11.8 5.96 4.69 271 695 19.8 15.66 45.4 8.77
182416 182416 - 71.d 196.7 1130 9400 2.34 65 3.67 599500 389.6 85.9 14060 0.3 4.07 5.01 1.02 69.8 711 39.3 22.9 52.2 3.03
182416 182416 - 72.d 271 4880 21200 2.09 60 5.62 597500 417.1 145 4440 0.96 11 9.8 4.96 194 2404 42.2 32.6 96.6 10.22
182416 182416 - 73.d 192.2 941 4510 2.15 80 3.36 602200 358.4 116.2 4980 0.47 4.2 5.07 1.19 171.6 691 33.4 22.9 48.2 9.42
182416 182416 - 74.d 151.9 18.66 550 0.6 39 2.84 600300 363.2 8.56 3700 0.1 1.06 3.29 0.205 39.82 667 5.67 2.48 12.99 1.59
182416 182416 - 75.d 155.5 24.4 205 1.3 41.5 3.66 600000 361.1 1143 3471 0.095 1.8 7.01 1.05 754.9 2205 138.2 16.37 0.116 39.2
182416 182416 - 76.d 155.2 32.7 200 1.69 50 25.26 613500 341.6 384.6 3277 0.2 1.16 4.35 4.32 5.41 1001 0.6 3.75 3.21 0.482422 J.K. P ORTERAppendix D  Table 1 Page 34 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file
182416 182416 - 36.d
182416 182416 - 37.d
182416 182416 - 38.d
182416 182416 - 39.d
182416 182416 - 40.d
182416 182416 - 41.d
182416 182416 - 42.d
182416 182416 - 43.d
182416 182416 - 44.d
182416 182416 - 45.d
182416 182416 - 46.d
182416 182416 - 47.d
182416 182416 - 48.d
182416 182416 - 49.d
182416 182416 - 50.d
182416 182416 - 51.d
182416 182416 - 52.d
182416 182416 - 53.d
182416 182416 - 54.d
182416 182416 - 55.d
182416 182416 - 56.d
182416 182416 - 57.d
182416 182416 - 58.d
182416 182416 - 59.d
182416 182416 - 60.d
182416 182416 - 61.d
182416 182416 - 62.d
182416 182416 - 63.d
182416 182416 - 64.d
182416 182416 - 65.d
182416 182416 - 66.d
182416 182416 - 67.d
182416 182416 - 68.d
182416 182416 - 69.d
182416 182416 - 70.d
182416 182416 - 71.d
182416 182416 - 72.d
182416 182416 - 73.d
182416 182416 - 74.d
182416 182416 - 75.d
182416 182416 - 76.dTa W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Th U Group C Rocktype Rock Unit
22.92 69.3 6 7.13 5.67 5.89 0.573 3.1 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
41.87 2.06 1.75 47.6 5.83 0.154 0.108 52.79 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
156.1 1.65 1.75 22.71 2.55 0.324 0.833 30.83 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
3.98 0.485 1.3 19.51 2.84 0.045 0.128 20.43 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
22.37 54.7 3.7 9.8 4.99 4.91 2.32 6.36 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
43.36 49.5 1.95 24.7 5.06 6.43 26.4 34 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
79.13 34.3 1.85 42.1 5.34 1.62 4.81 46.3 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
45.82 136.2 2.7 16.59 2.76 3.88 15.4 17.09 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
20.7 32.6 8.3 10.15 7.06 7.39 2.12 3.39 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
18.64 58.4 8 11.32 8 8.44 2.402 5.09 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
30.92 27.1 2.75 10.12 7.41 7.39 1.195 4.21 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
50.71 23.44 1.95 36.2 4.75 0.4 0.00275 31.01 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
12.46 94.4 6.4 9.66 7.23 7.22 2.29 4.31 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
29.42 42.7 11.3 11.66 8.87 9.06 4.05 4.67 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
11.61 454 9.9 19.91 10.71 11.01 7.14 13.27 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
18.93 62 7.8 11.39 6.58 6.93 3.76 7.47 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
17.17 109.9 10.8 17 9.19 9.56 2.36 7.18 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
77.67 31.07 1.2 147 25.8 2.09 6.14 93.1 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
28.45 84.2 2.7 15.31 4.61 5.74 11.97 14.68 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
23.43 2.68 1.25 102.2 14.85 0.249 0.284 88.6 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
12.06 45.5 7.1 8.52 5.81 6.17 0.861 3.74 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
11.92 65.6 2.15 33.9 6.32 6.58 16 41.6 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
12.52 22 2 7.8 5.83 5.99 0.82 2.706 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
39.6 46.9 2.4 9.09 5.9 5.71 0.718 3.95 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
58 34.6 5.1 61.1 11.28 3.49 2 44.8 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
44.09 53.3 5.5 11.15 6.2 6.39 3.02 8.82 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
24.4 30.7 5.6 8.97 6.01 6.15 2.56 4.13 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
12.93 134.9 10.5 12.66 9.61 10.04 6.59 5.27 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
59.45 13.55 2.05 21.37 3.18 1.251 0.476 21.09 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
36.78 5.85 1.7 73 10.57 0.84 0.319 55.54 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
14.61 22.9 7.5 9.47 7.31 7.47 0.51 3.76 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
60 67.6 4.8 7.95 4.67 4.62 2.2 5.52 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
86.9 33.3 3.2 27.4 4.78 4.81 22.1 26.97 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
11.2 43.8 3.1 10.4 3.42 3.25 2.04 9.01 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
30.48 116.2 5.3 9.2 4.97 5.6 9.16 5.6 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
20.57 124.1 2.55 11.72 5.24 6.06 7.35 9.21 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
141.2 256 7.8 19.38 7.9 9.14 12.78 16.07 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
21 92.5 2.5 14.44 6.39 7.06 4.36 9.4 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
15.37 5.72 3.6 6.78 4.07 3.87 0.54 4.44 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
41.07 3.79 1.4 18.95 2.97 0.59 3.61 14.93 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
31.65 11.6 4.8 5.33 4.45 7.54 15.63 1.676 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill FmAppendix D J.K. P ORTER 423Appendix D  Table 1 Page 35 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file Mg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf
182416 182416 - 77.d 157.7 14.6 420 1.87 41 7.41 605500 310.8 1960 3014 0.2 0.98 3.12 0.313 6008 1271 106.3 3.02 0.48 124.1
182416 182416 - 78.d 157.7 51.6 870 0.65 55 3.89 599000 440.1 541 65300 0.62 1.31 3.62 3.77 527 1514 145.1 17.6 6.11 34.2
182416 182416 - 79.d 157.5 58.8 1080 1.41 41 17.06 601300 330.2 922 4430 0.065 2.17 3.8 19.2 7240 1013 124.6 10.63 9 163.2
182416 182416 - 80.d 158.1 39.2 720 1.23 48.5 11.23 603700 353.7 989 4330 0.14 1.07 3.06 1.6 5220 1918 295.5 14.02 4.2 132.1
182416 182416 - 81.d 145.8 28.2 710 1.51 42.5 8.64 599100 321.4 881 3851 0.07 2.81 4.14 1.76 6463 1385 134.8 7.3 0.368 138.6
182416 182416 - 82.d 146.9 111 1650 1.28 41 11.4 602900 326.7 1702 3730 0.115 1.85 5.45 3.87 6886 1259.5 159.8 9.58 4.49 150.4
182416 182416 - 83.d 138 23.1 950 1.84 50 2.63 601600 363.2 39.4 3319 0.105 2.77 3.61 0.331 82.2 417 11.15 12.01 13.75 4.51
182416 182416 - 84.d 139.9 24.4 780 1.74 49 8.8 603500 379 1544 4918 0.05 1.36 3.43 0.13 6401 6220 123.3 44 0.049 130.5
182416 182416 - 85.d 140.9 27.19 530 1.72 55 7.72 600000 377.9 767.2 4004 0.175 1.84 3.46 0.901 5832 2842 493.2 12.86 1.47 158.9
182416 182416 - 86.d 139.8 49 810 2.63 60 9.19 599200 345.1 1016 3930 0.145 2.22 7.86 1.6 6483 892 623 24 2.67 139.3
182416 182416 - 87.d 131.6 85 600 2.1 46 2.57 605600 343.5 59.1 3216 0.24 3.35 5.03 0.92 106.9 517 21.5 34.1 41.1 5.74
184336 184336Z - 1.d 543 774 9720 2.19 708 90.6 599100 494 355.2 11180 1.29 3.4 46 96.4 430 1309 14.94 177.3 182 15.7
184336 184336Z - 2.d 389.2 777 10000 0.95 250 53.5 605000 687.7 414.4 35150 1.24 3.6 11.3 13.48 569.5 2224 19.2 417.3 1268 17.66
184336 184336Z - 3.d 646 4220 45700 2.2 165 68.6 604600 896.3 181 5270 0.355 6.37 10.2 27 1402 1452 5.73 152.3 83.8 39.1
184336 184336Z - 4.d 459 2950 14040 2.13 155 87.2 602000 387.2 97.8 3590 1.59 2.65 6.08 14.77 487.2 2446 27.2 59.8 67.7 27.08
184336 184336Z - 5.d 463 1462 34780 2.85 430 147.2 600100 315.6 550 4992 0.62 6.14 10.7 573 3856 2741 10.5 177.7 209.7 107.8
184336 184336Z - 6.d 330.2 146.2 8140 1.35 105 582.2 602600 544.3 84.3 3178 0.28 1.8 3.86 6.01 1711 1083 3.01 29.16 4.84 44.7
184336 184336Z - 7.d 417.1 720 10820 1.05 670 434 599900 813 90.8 5030 0.39 2.39 8.3 283 47.4 3448 0.08 189.5 2.23 2.22
184336 184336Z - 8.d 917 4680 17700 1.5 980 43.7 591700 187.5 393.5 10480 1.29 5.09 37.9 197.6 577 5637 16.3 85.8 174 21
184336 184336Z - 9.d 366.6 102.4 7690 1.05 472 302.9 605300 261.7 59.3 4240 0.265 2.5 10 32.2 1387 1586 7.2 63.6 5.33 45.4
184336 184336Z - 10.d 1217 15170 35900 2 450 74.8 600600 510.5 284.3 8840 2.31 6.41 14.9 104.3 834 3123 13.5 379 481 37.3
184336 184336Z - 11.d 395.6 367.6 8870 1.15 301 97.1 605600 969 696.8 7570 0.82 4.81 18.8 23.43 314.5 1876 24.8 340 726 13.97
184336 184336Z - 12.d 417 709 9860 0.95 519 62.7 599800 914.2 577.1 16820 1.24 3.99 23.3 33.27 696.5 1771 32.1 215.3 324 19.09
184336 184336Z - 13.d 350.6 1500 10380 3.07 110 261.6 599300 160.9 74.5 7900 0.36 2.35 6.09 14.14 265.2 2227 7.27 167.2 200 26.23
184336 184336Z - 14.d 346.4 243 8530 1.4 710 301 610400 54.1 15.5 4720 0.415 1.8 7.6 22.7 1177 2340 3.26 104 108.9 49
184336 184336Z - 15.d 486.3 1167 12080 1.2 1074 155.2 604000 1341 363.8 4815 1.33 3.68 27.3 171.8 475.3 2639 4.93 375.4 84 23.11
184336 184336Z - 16.d 450.3 1910 11760 1.45 695 127.3 609600 649.3 349.3 17870 4.07 8.96 28.7 154.9 761 1906 19.4 175.1 210.8 25.2
184336 184336Z - 17.d 337.6 57.1 8500 1.35 120 289.8 603500 390.6 29.2 6400 0.195 1.79 6.59 4.28 3048 1354 8.78 33.9 8.27 76.2
184336 184336Z - 18.d 718 1421 10580 1.2 1650 491.8 608300 390.5 519.3 3470 0.88 2.52 8.79 27.6 613.6 959 0.11 76.9 25.9 40
184336 184336Z - 19.d 475.4 553 9070 1.4 900 36.7 607500 1804 397.8 6284 0.71 5.63 37.6 116 529.7 2737 10.88 176.9 461 20.79
184336 184336Z - 20.d 1227 16390 37600 4.5 830 70.7 601600 851 388 7680 2.61 7.31 24.1 183.5 912 1947 7.94 386 194.9 24.1
184336 184336Z - 21.d 418.3 198.8 9140 7.7 990 107.2 604400 137.7 449.5 6349 0.51 5.28 23.4 81.1 546.4 3031 7.72 270.7 226.4 20.52
184336 184336Z - 22.d 794 8420 24100 1.8 195 37.6 601300 628.5 320.6 8760 2.65 9.11 11.5 24.8 1930 1581 12.09 147.9 479 57.3
184336 184336Z - 23.d 327.7 429 8330 2.54 115 25.57 601600 1099 953 1768 0.54 1.32 3.95 0.077 511.2 6591 13.53 766 0.63 25.4
184336 184336Z - 24.d 362.3 1272 9710 1.35 345 26.7 600800 279.7 141.7 4890 0.59 3.77 9.87 10.78 7837 1486 284.8 2.03 47.9 90.1
184336 184336Z - 25.d 336.3 249 8420 1.25 319 231.1 598800 334.1 27.4 5520 0.33 2.1 10.2 97 509 2723 3.01 630 31.9 21.6
184336 184336Z - 26.d 554 773 13670 1.3 834 102.7 604200 200.1 125.9 9760 1.51 4 46.4 182.8 255 3592 12.53 409 177.1 9.28
184336 184336Z - 27.d 363.9 1410 13100 3.24 460 109.2 599900 149.8 53.4 3740 0.16 1.71 5.26 74.8 222 1414 2.76 69.4 99.8 9.75
184336 184336Z - 28.d 329.8 217 9580 1.05 115 457 601700 106.6 147.1 2474 0.285 1.68 4.32 1.055 1112 1669 0.29 105.5 1.13 33.1
184336 184336Z - 29.d 351 358 8270 2.68 100 279.1 601700 263.4 203.6 5720 0.175 2.49 11.5 9.14 897 2118 2.17 55.4 17.2 29
184336 184336Z - 30.d 689 3950 15100 1.55 1059 91 603000 1682 465 7240 1.59 4.5 31.9 97.2 1201 1471 10.14 212.6 498 38.8424 J.K. P ORTERAppendix D  Table 1 Page 36 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file
182416 182416 - 77.d
182416 182416 - 78.d
182416 182416 - 79.d
182416 182416 - 80.d
182416 182416 - 81.d
182416 182416 - 82.d
182416 182416 - 83.d
182416 182416 - 84.d
182416 182416 - 85.d
182416 182416 - 86.d
182416 182416 - 87.d
184336 184336Z - 1.d
184336 184336Z - 2.d
184336 184336Z - 3.d
184336 184336Z - 4.d
184336 184336Z - 5.d
184336 184336Z - 6.d
184336 184336Z - 7.d
184336 184336Z - 8.d
184336 184336Z - 9.d
184336 184336Z - 10.d
184336 184336Z - 11.d
184336 184336Z - 12.d
184336 184336Z - 13.d
184336 184336Z - 14.d
184336 184336Z - 15.d
184336 184336Z - 16.d
184336 184336Z - 17.d
184336 184336Z - 18.d
184336 184336Z - 19.d
184336 184336Z - 20.d
184336 184336Z - 21.d
184336 184336Z - 22.d
184336 184336Z - 23.d
184336 184336Z - 24.d
184336 184336Z - 25.d
184336 184336Z - 26.d
184336 184336Z - 27.d
184336 184336Z - 28.d
184336 184336Z - 29.d
184336 184336Z - 30.dTa W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Th U Group C Rocktype Rock Unit
41.31 27.26 1.65 6.38 0.645 0.044 0.06 8.7 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
51.04 152 4 94.1 16.03 8.29 45 76.5 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
43.17 14.4 1.85 46.2 5.37 1.62 21.4 63.9 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
44.32 7.73 1.9 41.5 4.97 0.653 2.02 49.2 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
36.8 13.9 3.2 13.48 2.44 1.04 2.24 13.36 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
51.22 42.9 1.7 68.6 8.72 2.15 6.45 73.2 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
14.67 64.2 2.25 7.41 3.21 3.04 1.99 6.85 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
204.2 40.93 2.55 81 13.1 0.378 0.089 57.16 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
49.5 5.18 1.2 66.7 10.2 0.351 0.65 62.97 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
41.7 46.1 1.95 140.5 22 3.08 8.6 93.8 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
19.64 89.3 4.1 9.88 4.29 7.64 2.81 7.57 1 metasandstone Albany-Fraser Orogen, Barren Basin, Lindsay Hill Fm
79.4 524.9 74.7 324.9 98.8 112.1 374.3 367.5 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
110.6 1777 17.3 44.1 21.28 37.87 215.2 39.27 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
94.4 2854 4.25 71.9 13.31 14.45 57.2 49.67 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
270.8 699 340 309.2 340 307 28.4 19.69 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
180.8 1596 13.2 131 29.27 65.8 435.5 136.5 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
63.85 319.4 56.4 53 50.3 44.7 0.126 8.85 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
116.5 9500 10.6 13.59 11.6 14.7 33 3.5 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
326.7 1965 61.9 218 85 105.1 267.9 148.1 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
65.68 300 2.2 5.2 4.66 4.45 3.66 1.196 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
179.8 3790 12.9 44.6 14.92 30.7 123.3 33.97 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
83.5 1226 21.8 105 30.9 45.31 231 148.6 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
93.57 1001 80.4 197.8 94.1 107.3 303 231.1 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
113.2 962 2.8 4.78 3.25 4.37 20 3.24 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
190.1 341 12.6 26.6 19.6 21.84 33.5 11.09 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
136.8 426.8 18.6 65.5 23.7 46 215.9 43.82 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
98.9 1813 91.1 225.3 113.3 144.4 405.1 174.7 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
56.65 355.3 4.8 7.04 6.56 6.05 1.73 1.319 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
41.98 429 5.6 7.5 5.97 6.14 8.95 2.109 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
171.1 558.3 92.7 140.4 105.1 129.9 299.5 61.46 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
91.7 3067 39.4 108.2 56.6 77.5 162.1 46.19 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
161 1416 29.5 119.7 50.7 60.8 153.3 79 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
82.2 738 8.6 67.8 15.82 28.77 123.6 72.83 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
276.1 516 2.05 5.33 0.77 0.238 0.7 4.7 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
49.38 680 57.2 196.6 89.4 83.4 18.23 129.6 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
133.2 828 2.65 11.88 3.44 6.6 26.9 8.83 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
127.4 1179 57.2 288.8 91.2 127.6 468.9 269.6 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
130.7 162.4 3.45 13.09 5.92 5.84 10.09 8.87 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
80.33 278.8 9.4 11.79 7.86 6.71 0.18 5.6 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
74.1 276.8 13.8 14.05 12.05 12.49 9.82 3.51 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
81.61 1760 21.8 72.9 28 60.3 292 74.32 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock HillsAppendix D J.K. P ORTER 425Appendix D  Table 1 Page 37 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file Mg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf
184336 184336Z - 31.d 694 7280 22300 1.95 470 77.6 598300 506.9 409 7110 2.19 16.7 22.1 107.3 160.3 1543 8.28 206.3 152.6 9.78
184336 184336Z - 32.d 323.2 249.4 8780 1.3 520 492 605700 337.1 46 1422 0.095 1.75 3.91 113.9 2133 1227 17.34 41.5 14.28 57.9
184336 184336Z - 33.d 1293 28960 81400 4.9 650 124 609100 496.1 355 23900 9.4 21.9 22.1 36.5 668 1312 15 149 226 19.4
184336 184336Z - 34.d 508 2158 10640 1.7 591 42.1 604500 553 594.3 13110 0.98 4.33 28.6 24.42 283.3 2850 32.8 365.8 995 12.55
184336 184336Z - 35.d 479 3020 34100 2.4 810 96.1 604800 1275 535.6 18640 2.6 6.28 25.4 136.5 479.1 1672 22.1 154 302 19.42
184336 184336Z - 36.d 878 4190 15270 1.85 950 83.6 605700 569.6 215.8 7340 0.82 5.93 38.6 131.5 851.8 2182 7.63 240.8 132.5 25.88
184336 184336Z - 37.d 584 5440 57900 2.55 205 63 597900 441 188.9 20370 1.93 8.21 16.6 73.2 323.7 1637 7.24 213.3 143.1 11.58
184336 184336Z - 38.d 349.3 1140 8910 1.2 110 420.9 601200 226.3 96 3540 0.38 3.08 6.28 21.8 1977 1435 30.6 95.2 65.7 67.6
184336 184336Z - 39.d 496.5 1214 15530 1.55 720 79.4 601600 521.4 189.2 5760 0.51 5.17 29.3 136.2 889.4 1817 15.06 311 160.8 30.56
184336 184336Z - 40.d 636 4600 15270 1.4 731 77.9 606600 750.3 415.3 8820 1.92 3.66 40.9 73 439.8 1943 13.2 106.9 291 14.28
184336 184336Z - 41.d 327.8 108.3 7850 1.25 110 460.2 603000 177.9 50.1 4110 0.295 1.45 4 1.37 1145.1 1623 19.5 27.77 1.93 32.92
184336 184336Z - 42.d 336.1 393 9090 1.4 661 1610 604600 348.4 41.5 1719 0.26 2.71 9.21 75.8 1135 2227 0.92 510 21.7 84.3
184336 184336Z - 43.d 554 1369 10900 1.6 785 58.1 603600 503.9 408.9 8930 1.1 2.57 29.9 81.4 318.2 2619 17.37 195 339.3 12.97
184336 184336Z - 44.d 941 8000 30200 1.55 145 39.8 599300 1669 284.2 3590 1.39 5.71 10.4 64.5 707 1973 10.73 207.4 114.6 21.9
184336 184336Z - 45.d 378 394.5 10880 1.7 2430 488.1 608100 33.57 28.9 2017 0.195 1.54 5.41 75.4 965.9 1589 0.88 9.48 14.88 35.5
184336 184336Z - 46.d 601 9320 23500 2.25 550 96.2 603700 344.7 233 11470 3.03 4.5 30.5 103 463.9 2927 7.01 293.7 218.8 17.43
184336 184336Z - 47.d 482 2590 10960 3 390 65.7 605700 505.8 495.8 9730 1.03 6.11 27.4 68.1 286.4 1429 38.6 171.5 388 10.2
184336 184336Z - 48.d 326.6 114 8300 2.5 120 342 597200 760 38.7 2866 0.23 2.03 5.63 2.32 1640 1189 1.17 26.1 3.97 43.12
184336 184336Z - 49.d 519 2220 23700 3.2 710 99.5 603300 2136 662.9 5710 0.98 4.16 23.9 126.8 711.2 1542 5.99 156.9 191.8 29.5
184336 184336Z - 50.d 478 3130 18400 3.61 300 12.82 601200 527.7 397.6 4930 1.21 2.79 10.7 61.9 1312 4031 28.9 83.3 79.7 33.7
184336 184336Z - 51.d 801 5730 19840 1.45 840 43.6 600500 2025 746 5470 1.46 3.01 24.1 189.6 1476 2385 7.56 121.3 142.9 57.5
184336 184336Z - 52.d 511 2890 51200 2 450 93.1 607600 453.4 416.1 13410 2.59 11.56 33.7 50.4 742 1474 24.3 112.7 194.8 22.7
184336 184336Z - 53.d 671 928 9430 1.5 751 40.4 604500 3767 531.2 7390 1.01 3.22 27.7 62.6 508.7 1662 19.6 161.8 541 18.14
184336 184336Z - 54.d 554 1176 9690 1.6 1190 66.1 602700 1250 560.3 7320 0.8 5.4 26.6 108 431.2 2526 12.54 157.8 347 15.95
184336 184336Z - 55.d 413.8 1312 14280 3.88 310 76.7 603300 711.3 413.7 10350 2 10.31 22.2 52.7 490 1374 18.2 276.3 184 21.96
184336 184336Z - 56.d 453.1 606 9820 1.9 559 147.1 603300 891 143.1 6300 0.87 2.86 24.5 64.2 262.1 1426 3.45 410 121.1 9.88
184336 184336Z - 57.d 462 2150 13280 4 643 48.3 600600 896.1 939 8020 1.43 3.31 19.9 135.4 287.3 3911 7.24 96.2 247 14.77
184336 184336Z - 58.d 333.6 301 9230 3.21 470 216.7 602200 397 65.4 3817 0.27 1.7 4.32 25 1105 1527 35.4 28.8 4.21 33.3
184336 184336Z - 59.d 491 3820 13800 1.5 650 62.1 599100 847 790 18710 1.47 4.37 26.6 91.3 612.4 1963 15.98 410.3 783 18.84
184336 184336Z - 60.d 324.6 167.6 8790 1.15 160 452.2 603900 368.1 71.4 2531 0.16 1.59 3.46 0.46 1495 994 6.21 23.6 2.31 39.2
184336 184336Z - 61.d 491 266.7 8920 1.35 870 83.6 602400 1244 357.4 4351 0.67 4.6 28.4 71.5 913 1774 10.2 649 166.3 30.1
184336 184336Z - 62.d 542 1666 12590 1.45 955 59.6 601300 667.6 294.2 5116 0.77 4.69 29.2 217.3 651.5 3179 11.1 748 62.1 17.76
184336 184336Z - 63.d 351.3 617 9420 2 120 169.9 603500 265.7 50.9 3489 0.4 1.68 3.13 40.5 246.6 2890 0.008 88.5 5.63 7.29
184336 184336Z - 64.d 777 8450 25600 1.55 390 160.3 603500 670 293.7 6950 2.33 11 10.8 111 1410 1371 8.46 198.3 224 38.3
184336 184336Z - 65.d 1312 30100 63300 2.8 315 54.4 598900 1036 537 16550 9.1 17.1 15.5 122.1 712 2415 16.1 216.8 511 20.8
184336 184336Z - 66.d 398 1430 16110 1.75 160 18.4 603200 323.3 99 4240 0.63 2.44 5.25 63.5 664 2697 6.83 112.8 81.3 23.41
184336 184336Z - 67.d 389.5 1164 10980 1.85 135 79.2 603000 892 337 9470 0.285 1.76 12.8 14.1 567 1743 65.4 248.6 459 20
184336 184336Z - 68.d 380.4 2430 13520 1.5 135 19.5 605200 144.2 30.1 8750 0.3 1.66 6.05 42.9 646 1375 21.4 61.2 191.7 25.9
184336 184336Z - 69.d 423.6 4020 15080 1.65 520 104.7 601500 1312 358.1 10760 1.69 2.2 14.8 115.4 511.2 2055 61.8 262.6 389.2 18.91
184336 184336Z - 70.d 325.9 78 8000 1.25 80 47.7 604400 1592 662.8 1083 0.26 1.92 4.47 7.23 68.19 2197 0.82 452 4.95 7.41
184336 184336Z - 71.d 383.5 438 9490 1.65 520 326.2 604300 434 120.8 2906 0.55 1.94 11.6 90.3 1025 1708 3.81 132.2 75.5 32.55426 J.K. P ORTERAppendix D  Table 1 Page 38 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file
184336 184336Z - 31.d
184336 184336Z - 32.d
184336 184336Z - 33.d
184336 184336Z - 34.d
184336 184336Z - 35.d
184336 184336Z - 36.d
184336 184336Z - 37.d
184336 184336Z - 38.d
184336 184336Z - 39.d
184336 184336Z - 40.d
184336 184336Z - 41.d
184336 184336Z - 42.d
184336 184336Z - 43.d
184336 184336Z - 44.d
184336 184336Z - 45.d
184336 184336Z - 46.d
184336 184336Z - 47.d
184336 184336Z - 48.d
184336 184336Z - 49.d
184336 184336Z - 50.d
184336 184336Z - 51.d
184336 184336Z - 52.d
184336 184336Z - 53.d
184336 184336Z - 54.d
184336 184336Z - 55.d
184336 184336Z - 56.d
184336 184336Z - 57.d
184336 184336Z - 58.d
184336 184336Z - 59.d
184336 184336Z - 60.d
184336 184336Z - 61.d
184336 184336Z - 62.d
184336 184336Z - 63.d
184336 184336Z - 64.d
184336 184336Z - 65.d
184336 184336Z - 66.d
184336 184336Z - 67.d
184336 184336Z - 68.d
184336 184336Z - 69.d
184336 184336Z - 70.d
184336 184336Z - 71.dTa W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Th U Group C Rocktype Rock Unit
78 1304 49 140.9 60.3 82.8 227.2 101.7 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
67.19 74.3 706 702 802 766 2.143 4.63 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
68.8 3200 59 268 87.8 100.8 302.2 250.8 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
131.8 1472 56.3 119.9 65.2 92.2 356.9 108.8 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
94.3 1278 166 291 199 236.3 623.7 230.9 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
117.5 1551 14.8 74.4 25.9 43.4 166.4 51.73 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
97.7 2005 64.6 193 80.9 104.5 273 133.3 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
60.94 223 19.7 25.1 24.1 23.6 6 5.37 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
112.2 1021 23.3 100.2 33.5 52.8 212.1 75.75 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
130.1 1156 30 159.7 43.3 78 378.4 172.9 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
59.61 223.2 12.9 22.9 17 14.1 0.083 8.3 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
190.4 257.8 32.7 44.3 32 51.4 121.9 15.69 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
196.1 2003 87.1 196.5 84.7 108.3 289 151.3 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
113.2 2070 5.5 24 5.71 12.38 43.4 12.61 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
86.6 91 321 252.2 291.3 271.7 7.55 5.01 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
203.9 3515 83 183.4 90 107.6 228.6 105.9 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
63.53 1528 74.9 174.4 74.3 92.3 259.1 177.7 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
64.29 610 11.3 9.4 7.92 7.8 1.89 3.22 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
78.1 985 34.6 59.6 29.59 71 333.9 39.09 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
137 665 14.6 33.63 16.03 36 121.4 19.34 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
93.2 1923 26.4 40.7 20.29 50.2 244 29.53 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
102.1 2037 175 302 123.9 145.5 406.4 350.4 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
66.67 1756 78.6 104.9 50.5 67.3 261 73.4 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
152.5 824 55.3 114.7 41.9 85.7 453.7 121.8 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
88 2123 211 350 153.3 166.8 424.7 343.9 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
80.5 1204 85 155.6 60.7 74 213.2 120.1 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
202.2 2310 72.6 108.1 52.3 147.4 541.4 60.72 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
75.6 566 687 330 360 329 0.131 19.1 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
86.2 1869 32.5 43.4 21.75 38.3 174.4 34.4 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
53.06 22.02 48.1 23.91 25.59 22.96 0.129 2.016 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
98.9 1253 36.2 63.1 25.21 38.4 133.1 51.73 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
153.4 749 66 57.1 30.6 40.4 92.4 28.88 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
206.4 40.4 103 209.6 71 48.1 0.474 148.5 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
69.45 841 38 69.1 23 29.7 103.9 55.4 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
99.5 3960 124 106.9 58.7 102.6 298.7 53.79 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
148 878 52.3 184.1 40.2 60.9 208.6 148.6 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
77.6 701.4 17.9 22.5 10.65 16.09 65.8 23.15 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
121.1 249.2 16.2 7.59 6.76 7.88 22.4 2.42 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
103.9 942 91 58.3 37.5 66 336.4 37.34 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
159.6 98.9 5.5 15.82 3.04 5.75 24.67 12.55 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
83 1288 269 93.2 85.4 80.7 29.1 19.14 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock HillsAppendix D J.K. P ORTER 427Appendix D  Table 1 Page 39 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file Mg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf
184336 184336Z - 72.d 381.9 280.1 7770 1.7 120 35.3 599800 574.8 738 5960 0.31 3.38 14.7 10.7 1148 1980 20.45 354.2 1129 34.03
184336 184336Z - 73.d 884 17320 36200 2.6 235 40.7 602300 1116 632 11280 6.7 5.98 8.8 48.8 1574 1621 11.1 225.1 827 35.9
184336 184336Z - 74.d 451.2 1370 13530 3.16 542 54.8 601000 682.7 370.4 11840 3.4 4.42 21.6 94.6 539 2387 44.2 328.1 242.8 19.14
184336 184336Z - 75.d 476 2210 14690 4.1 500 25.1 598900 334.7 340.5 7350 0.8 3.97 27 50.3 481 2094 5.2 137.6 137 17.71
184336 184336Z - 76.d 826 11610 33700 1.65 710 65.1 596400 372.5 281 12960 4.51 8.98 32.3 49.1 358.3 1490 25.9 92.2 226 12.82
184336 184336Z - 77.d 616 12270 29600 2.1 145 59.9 598300 1334 302.3 6340 2.05 5.65 11.8 37.37 775 1771 9.87 185 321 32.2
184336 184336Z - 78.d 374.3 201.5 10230 1.5 105 31 601900 162.6 95.4 7580 0.3 1.91 10.8 7.58 422 795 3.53 1.41 25.8 11.98
184336 184336Z - 79.d 439.6 735 9230 1.25 619 74.5 603300 1218 677 18750 1.24 2.62 16.6 51.6 313 1653 26.5 293.7 419.3 11.53
184336 184336Z - 80.d 541 3285 16290 1.6 463 76.7 601500 515.9 451.5 11540 2.87 6.11 36.1 81.8 209.2 2071 16.5 216 217.6 7.17
184336 184336Z - 81.d 353.4 343 9100 1.55 135 229.5 602000 341 18.4 7760 0.12 1.96 7.25 38.7 713.3 2232 7.07 371 59.9 53.8
184336 184336Z - 82.d 749 10250 27100 2.6 205 24.2 605300 964 715 8260 4.61 3.04 8.3 35.8 675 1442 8.62 179.1 349 27.3
184336 184336Z - 83.d 688 8610 25800 1.95 180 79.9 598300 638.5 353.5 9180 3.33 10.6 13.4 15.46 381.4 1364 10.41 211.4 426 15.24
184336 184336Z - 84.d 928 26200 52300 3.2 205 90.8 598900 697.7 417 13910 8.2 14.5 6.9 26.09 1339 1725 12.8 277 706 36.8
184336 184336Z - 85.d 364.1 183 9390 1.15 125 84.6 601600 4.63 6.7 2398 0.66 1.67 3.41 0.443 383 1595 4.58 0.74 28.8 15.11
184336 184336Z - 86.d 354.5 2680 13900 3.9 370 301 604400 365.3 154.1 44500 1.15 2.38 6.22 27.6 1557 1790 48.9 94.3 141.8 44.9
184336 184336Z - 87.d 431 840 11090 1.8 110 93.5 600200 9.97 10.7 5430 0.235 2.28 5.73 1.46 860.7 6452 28.7 6.11 382 42.4
184336 184336Z - 88.d 1111 22760 52400 3.1 290 127.4 601700 899 404 18310 9.2 10.4 13.9 69 595 1924 18.6 218.2 772 21.2
184336 184336Z - 89.d 476 4470 15100 1.55 170 35.4 606300 843 476.5 2780 1.36 4.79 17.7 26.63 831.8 1157 6.68 281.8 171.6 23.45
184336 184336Z - 90.d 488 5780 18100 1.8 430 71.3 603900 551.5 583.6 12490 2.1 18.9 28.2 36.96 303.3 2217 19.1 201.1 388 8.79
184336 184336Z - 91.d 363.9 331 9630 3.9 115 166.1 603100 252.3 6.4 2846 0.24 2.23 7.4 8.57 181 1772 0.085 68.4 13.5 14.6
184336 184336Z - 92.d 1540 37100 69800 4.1 315 69.3 603600 1637 655 8020 7.6 17.4 13.9 58.6 796 1796 8.5 963 362 20.3
184336 184336Z - 93.d 474 4010 27300 3.1 235 28.2 601500 279.2 56.6 5780 1.46 4.95 10.2 18.71 2860 2381 65.7 2.64 256.6 69.4
184336 184336Z - 94.d 739 10600 94000 3.05 250 387.8 600000 297 77.4 10770 3.41 15.4 6.3 12.65 411.8 2162 26.3 221 166.8 13.66
184336 184336Z - 95.d 910 18910 39500 3.8 250 147.2 597500 708 672 11140 4.68 23.3 23.3 29.49 420 1565 20.6 252 265 11.58
184336 184336Z - 96.d 1239 13710 37700 2.45 230 61.2 599800 553.9 455 15180 2.8 6.12 20.9 45.8 424.6 1753 30.3 280 323 16.69
184336 184336Z - 97.d 532 2490 11700 1.95 610 117.4 602000 560.2 362.9 6240 1.27 4.21 19.2 112.7 389.8 1778 18.68 291.1 221 14.09
184336 184336Z - 98.d 924 18000 48400 3.05 680 45.9 608100 2339 406 10700 6.4 6.5 19 199.3 371.4 2610 6.67 789 251 11.99
184336 184336Z - 99.d 1155 28470 57400 3.65 285 46.6 601700 539.8 463 18480 8.6 25.7 13.3 43.3 481 1389 10.8 204.1 265 18.9
184336 184336Z - 100.d 330.8 222 8880 1.3 115 914 602600 63.6 64.5 1058 0.24 1.37 3.37 21.19 2615 1989 21 46.3 7.41 81.1
184339 184339Z - 1.d 313.5 562.1 890 0.65 223 64.9 607500 1246 137.1 3594 0.2 1.86 16.6 57.2 68.1 3690 0.82 1158 2.25 3.08
184339 184339Z - 2.d 538 39.6 1260 1.77 428 3.1 603800 537.1 4404 1351 1.36 1.81 5.85 1.52 57.18 1057 22.09 160.7 139.1 3.47
184339 184339Z - 3.d 332.9 585 2250 2.21 598 35.2 597900 349.4 45.3 2228 0.125 8.9 7.4 124.4 39 1067 0.108 366 50.7 3.34
184339 184339Z - 4.d 321 38.8 290 1.95 85 46.1 601900 289.3 57.4 4754 0.34 4.54 13.5 22.7 374 3400 5.84 1494 68.2 22.6
184339 184339Z - 5.d 343 2740 221000 3.18 120 73.7 606100 778.5 1044 9950 0.245 6.41 9.4 3.59 844 3484 34.2 408 457 23.1
184339 184339Z - 6.d 316.2 596 5090 1.64 478 36.94 605800 1261 1028 5674 0.09 1.95 9.78 7.78 9.49 2058 1.96 128.5 513 1.22
184339 184339Z - 7.d 347.9 647 1100 2.48 607 54.1 602300 943 989 19920 0.91 2.73 12 53.8 31.76 3792 12.86 559 623 1.2
184339 184339Z - 8.d 287.4 17.8 300 2.3 80 72.4 606600 859.8 9031 519 0.1 2.99 10 2.34 116.78 4628 0.149 139.1 0.51 9.72
184339 184339Z - 9.d 350 459 850 2.28 247 215.8 604000 1929 189 478 0.43 2.07 14.1 38.9 98.4 956 0.044 693 5.21 4.15
184339 184339Z - 10.d 291.6 106.2 320 2.1 90 18.68 603300 514.1 455.9 3370 0.43 2.09 4.93 0.721 83.63 1951 0.256 1040 2.85 7.46
184339 184339Z - 11.d 1835 118.7 3420 2.26 1470 3.71 600800 657.2 2711 2983 5.32 1.81 5.04 3.08 67.9 724 6.61 226.6 41.4 4.5
184339 184339Z - 12.d 559 3018 2030 4.06 235 81.9 606100 566 554 37950 3.99 8.61 19.7 8.93 2517 1716 30.5 424.1 1160 57.3428 J.K. P ORTERAppendix D  Table 1 Page 40 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file
184336 184336Z - 72.d
184336 184336Z - 73.d
184336 184336Z - 74.d
184336 184336Z - 75.d
184336 184336Z - 76.d
184336 184336Z - 77.d
184336 184336Z - 78.d
184336 184336Z - 79.d
184336 184336Z - 80.d
184336 184336Z - 81.d
184336 184336Z - 82.d
184336 184336Z - 83.d
184336 184336Z - 84.d
184336 184336Z - 85.d
184336 184336Z - 86.d
184336 184336Z - 87.d
184336 184336Z - 88.d
184336 184336Z - 89.d
184336 184336Z - 90.d
184336 184336Z - 91.d
184336 184336Z - 92.d
184336 184336Z - 93.d
184336 184336Z - 94.d
184336 184336Z - 95.d
184336 184336Z - 96.d
184336 184336Z - 97.d
184336 184336Z - 98.d
184336 184336Z - 99.d
184336 184336Z - 100.d
184339 184339Z - 1.d
184339 184339Z - 2.d
184339 184339Z - 3.d
184339 184339Z - 4.d
184339 184339Z - 5.d
184339 184339Z - 6.d
184339 184339Z - 7.d
184339 184339Z - 8.d
184339 184339Z - 9.d
184339 184339Z - 10.d
184339 184339Z - 11.d
184339 184339Z - 12.dTa W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Th U Group C Rocktype Rock Unit
73.89 1423 55 49.7 17.32 28.26 140.4 57.12 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
85.3 1896 41 86.4 24.2 36 125.5 82.4 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
132.7 1836 153 85.9 51.2 64.8 182.2 57.87 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
101.8 1533 112 336 65.7 62.7 236.5 305.3 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
102.1 2472 668 433 206.8 226 316.9 281.8 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
89 2727 42 42.5 12.32 22.46 98.9 41.51 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
36.6 200.4 99 69.8 33.78 30.5 10.4 57.91 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
84.33 1272 82 39.8 25.37 36.53 159.4 27.46 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
152.2 1518 509 335.1 162.8 188.3 421.4 311.6 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
84.94 749 5 6.45 2.85 4.94 18.7 4.72 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
57.8 2398 9.5 24.2 7.62 20.23 108.9 20.08 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
84.7 1031 49 113.6 34 43.7 150.8 104.6 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
77.6 2203 24 38.4 10.16 19.9 89.3 33.11 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
42.54 106.3 5.5 11.68 7.73 6.81 0.14 5.49 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
60.39 805 206 90 95.6 90 21.73 8.14 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
185.3 409.5 35 28.5 20.8 19.1 2.33 9.67 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
83.5 3380 82 126.6 47.4 70.6 209.8 93.2 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
62.22 666 18.2 21.45 9.23 14.37 50.93 14.83 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
134.4 1605 136 274.5 83.5 105.9 375.5 312 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
124.7 57.5 5 7.2 3.74 5.25 10.6 2.12 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
93.4 3290 13 67.5 14.44 30 119.9 47.04 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
137 381.4 306 452 204.5 181.1 92.3 289.1 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
93.2 1357 12 6.51 4.14 4.87 9.58 3.65 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
82.7 1870 86 229 67.5 85.2 234.8 226.1 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
92.3 1765 84 332 85.1 105.2 311.9 256.9 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
80.68 1117 139 176.9 100.4 118.4 232 105.3 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
168.6 7350 11.5 51 26.1 57.2 192.9 26.36 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
67.8 2640 198 385 168 160.6 207.4 255.4 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
69.08 42.07 80.8 50.3 50.8 48.9 1.033 4.09 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Kiwirrkurra Fm, Pollock Hills
207.3 6420 7.4 17.46 8.28 15.19 36.99 7.29 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Heavitree Quartzite, Pollock Hills
64.65 951 2.6 4.51 2.46 2.64 5.6 1.947 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Heavitree Quartzite, Pollock Hills
160 120 24.9 42.6 25.84 26.38 20.7 11.98 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Heavitree Quartzite, Pollock Hills
68.3 566 2.6 48.4 7.12 3.69 7.99 34.4 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Heavitree Quartzite, Pollock Hills
143.6 3573 14 20.04 12.13 16.44 56.4 7.59 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Heavitree Quartzite, Pollock Hills
126.83 511 13.9 14.73 12.54 20.83 75.5 2.433 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Heavitree Quartzite, Pollock Hills
182.5 2358 24.2 40.2 26.03 73.1 369.3 15.6 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Heavitree Quartzite, Pollock Hills
482.6 1811 3.8 29.7 6.01 7.87 23.45 20.66 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Heavitree Quartzite, Pollock Hills
110.2 465 5.9 18.29 4.8 4.13 4.78 10.73 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Heavitree Quartzite, Pollock Hills
100.5 3040 1.5 7.68 1.07 0.571 1.473 5.416 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Heavitree Quartzite, Pollock Hills
52.46 101.3 1.85 20.85 3.09 0.96 0.628 16.89 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Heavitree Quartzite, Pollock Hills
64.72 4591 13.6 17.2 13.06 28.21 144.1 3.478 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Heavitree Quartzite, Pollock HillsAppendix D J.K. P ORTER 429Appendix D  Table 1 Page 41 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file Mg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf
184339 184339Z - 13.d 294.4 112.5 340 1.91 105 23.23 604300 1067.7 1221.9 1033 0.15 1.47 4.4 0.132 314.3 2444 11.99 622 1.02 19.64
184339 184339Z - 14.d 391.1 380 1370 0.8 338 295 603300 1663 623.7 2662 0.145 1.97 5.22 15.33 54.5 2573 2.37 244.6 132.5 9
184339 184339Z - 15.d 640 857 12350 1.4 391 65.1 604400 986 57.8 2930 0.25 5.67 7.24 38.8 883 1987 2.29 537 52 46.7
184339 184339Z - 16.d 281.6 55.7 265 0.7 60 65.4 608000 1074.7 351.5 5285 0.17 1.4 4.2 0.102 439.3 8483 8.74 645 6.4 26.43
184339 184339Z - 17.d 289.3 112.9 290 0.65 85 323.9 598200 117.3 19.7 781 0.14 1.89 6.6 0.665 121.4 935 0.031 151.9 2.66 3.76
184339 184339Z - 18.d 315.2 1447 2160 2.38 188 6.98 605400 857 1426 9010 0.145 2.37 7.11 4.38 433 2208 12.73 446 779 10.32
184339 184339Z - 19.d 364.2 2030 3400 2.36 433 5.13 601700 286.1 724 3740 0.32 2.97 13.4 30.07 24.5 3219 2.58 104.5 217.4 1.25
184339 184339Z - 20.d 409 3910 41100 2.35 727 144.8 606200 1183 217 3399 0.23 4.14 7.9 93.4 232.3 2234 1.03 1424 84.6 13.98
184339 184339Z - 21.d 4730 3660 4110 1.78 65 33.08 605800 991.9 452.7 1614 1 1.89 9.7 1.076 136.1 2953 0.8 185.7 36.5 10
184339 184339Z - 22.d 359.9 3050 16780 2.18 243 27.53 605400 522.3 497 9940 0.7 2.94 8.38 28.3 21.9 4559 2.37 107.2 222.5 0.779
184339 184339Z - 23.d 300.2 238 1170 6.8 251 16.9 605700 10.18 155 2160 0.175 2.33 6.18 4.5 231 1667 0.222 0.86 3.8 10.63
184339 184339Z - 24.d 1859 8160 9200 3.67 720 97.6 601200 628.7 1705 93700 14.2 32.1 123 9.16 2938 1776 24.66 700 360.7 80.5
184339 184339Z - 25.d 318.3 1275 2180 1.79 192 25.3 604800 644.9 1011 7170 0.185 2.83 12.4 3.59 35 3278 7.12 386.5 887 1.55
184339 184339Z - 26.d 300.3 21.7 295 1.99 100 2.18 605400 10.44 45.1 2767 0.14 2.8 6.49 0.186 72 2042 0.36 1.52 3.08 3.08
184339 184339Z - 27.d 558 9700 13800 3.99 600 69.6 602000 404.8 1117 28600 2.31 31 37.6 32.07 1322 1695 8.19 619 478 30.95
184339 184339Z - 28.d 365 1175 2020 2.83 525 28.62 603400 189.7 638 14280 0.76 21.7 28.3 85.3 794 2413 6.43 281.4 220.1 19.52
184339 184339Z - 29.d 323.6 960 1340 0.8 105 6.67 605900 18.42 61.6 1985 0.14 3.22 8.29 1.792 299 1669 1.45 0.85 4.49 6.61
184339 184339Z - 30.d 701 1494 2900 420 590 23.7 599000 1488 381 20600 4.4 80.1 115 8.9 1833 256.4 6.4 213 167.8 31.8
184339 184339Z - 31.d 586 313 720 0.75 65 68.5 608400 2195 487 619 0.52 1.85 12.54 4.49 364.7 269.1 0.136 151.6 19.8 40
184339 184339Z - 32.d 321.5 383 1280 1.05 219 65.2 607200 779.6 713 5270 0.34 2.96 28.2 32.5 899 2007 9.18 395.3 494 32.15
184339 184339Z - 33.d 333.5 1156 1690 2.02 201 111.5 603700 530.8 677 18720 1.93 43.6 17.3 5.36 935.5 1733 10.19 291.1 913 27.95
184339 184339Z - 34.d 303.2 493 7630 1.8 263 71.2 604600 928 1484 9860 0.15 2.34 7.65 22.8 509 2280 10.06 286.9 649 16.12
184339 184339Z - 35.d 312.9 75 900 2.75 80 46.8 601300 566.6 97.5 11970 0.145 3.26 12.6 9.9 782 1258.8 3.69 772 53.5 23.5
184339 184339Z - 36.d 289.2 343 1050 0.6 182 141.7 605500 338 547 12000 0.135 1.7 5.57 11.32 1696 2081 5.18 167.7 333 46.98
184339 184339Z - 37.d 524 2750 4050 1.2 271 82.8 606200 695.3 858 14970 0.9 7.34 35 35.5 647.8 1685 6.68 395.1 631 22.3
184339 184339Z - 38.d 345.5 815 1640 3.58 1094 25.09 607300 907.5 995 9900 0.22 2.02 22.4 26.84 40.84 5920 47.8 367.8 576 1.44
184339 184339Z - 39.d 868 702 39500 2.93 238 28.3 606300 553.5 33.9 3524 0.31 2.56 7.4 44.6 331 1599 0.35 1416 51 14.56
184339 184339Z - 40.d 298.4 200 1320 2.35 144 20.4 606600 625 683 7500 0.15 2.56 5.76 1.6 31.32 3496 18.1 449.6 329.9 4.37
184339 184339Z - 41.d 311.2 573 1440 1.65 362 12.56 602700 224.9 232.5 7730 0.2 3.47 7.7 2.85 21.8 1939 2.14 48.4 147.5 0.706
184339 184339Z - 42.d 440 2600 26500 1.2 292 64.3 610100 478.8 402 4670 0.21 4.51 7.94 213 2660 1824 7.15 641 371.3 64.8
184339 184339Z - 43.d 400.8 2848 2920 2.89 386 66.5 606600 500.1 813 26560 3.74 48.9 33.9 36.6 1694 1992 16.81 586 355.7 71.4
184339 184339Z - 44.d 463 649 1020 1.93 265 13.06 603500 783.2 1046 16080 1.5 8.22 19.1 5.41 1269 1174 14.13 326.1 1055 29.26
184339 184339Z - 45.d 358.1 2630 4400 2.68 280 37.6 605800 561.2 1554 12680 0.22 2.46 9.32 23.4 329 2384 12.9 238.1 488 9.62
184341 184341MS - 1.d 140.4 3.96 570 2.85 46 49.3 601200 842 817.1 2485 0.034 1.13 3.41 0.087 402.9 1041 7.75 116.6 16.83 14.58
184341 184341MS - 2.d 140 43.3 290 2.59 65 18.06 601600 559.8 261.6 3116 0.4 2.42 4.58 0.082 398.9 941 30.1 164.9 18.4 15.06
184341 184341MS - 3.d 142.3 3.04 950 2.17 44.5 2.04 602800 983 1131 9140 0.11 1.24 7.6 0.101 378.4 1067 10.25 135.1 40.7 14.4
184341 184341MS - 4.d 135.5 3.17 860 2.09 44.5 23.08 603500 2430 1017 2655 0.24 1.54 4.41 0.061 271.1 1909 19.06 145.2 10.77 10.44
184341 184341MS - 5.d 136 4.55 720 2.23 42.5 20.65 603500 1155 272.3 2588 0.17 1.23 3.18 0.133 516.7 220.2 44.1 196 3.68 29.62
184341 184341MS - 6.d 132.7 40 840 2.25 50 21.08 601800 391.1 122.8 3983 0.16 1.11 3.33 0.081 725.8 5036 45.5 156.5 2.35 36.18
184341 184341MS - 7.d 135.8 3.03 900 2.34 43.5 10.3 604200 2689 890 1267 0.085 1.18 3.35 0.095 294.7 1697 9.6 174.3 61.1 15.26
184341 184341MS - 8.d 135.5 16.3 630 2 47.5 18.72 599500 473.3 120.7 5343 0.15 1.19 3.05 0.111 573.4 9156 43 158.8 10.36 32.4430 J.K. P ORTERAppendix D  Table 1 Page 42 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file
184339 184339Z - 13.d
184339 184339Z - 14.d
184339 184339Z - 15.d
184339 184339Z - 16.d
184339 184339Z - 17.d
184339 184339Z - 18.d
184339 184339Z - 19.d
184339 184339Z - 20.d
184339 184339Z - 21.d
184339 184339Z - 22.d
184339 184339Z - 23.d
184339 184339Z - 24.d
184339 184339Z - 25.d
184339 184339Z - 26.d
184339 184339Z - 27.d
184339 184339Z - 28.d
184339 184339Z - 29.d
184339 184339Z - 30.d
184339 184339Z - 31.d
184339 184339Z - 32.d
184339 184339Z - 33.d
184339 184339Z - 34.d
184339 184339Z - 35.d
184339 184339Z - 36.d
184339 184339Z - 37.d
184339 184339Z - 38.d
184339 184339Z - 39.d
184339 184339Z - 40.d
184339 184339Z - 41.d
184339 184339Z - 42.d
184339 184339Z - 43.d
184339 184339Z - 44.d
184339 184339Z - 45.d
184341 184341MS - 1.d
184341 184341MS - 2.d
184341 184341MS - 3.d
184341 184341MS - 4.d
184341 184341MS - 5.d
184341 184341MS - 6.d
184341 184341MS - 7.d
184341 184341MS - 8.dTa W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Th U Group C Rocktype Rock Unit
154.8 61.45 1.55 28.54 3.11 0.069 0.101 23.72 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Heavitree Quartzite, Pollock Hills
117.9 1012 7 45.6 12.04 21.41 77.6 30 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Heavitree Quartzite, Pollock Hills
83.1 387 3.65 30.2 5.43 5.46 18.4 17.6 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Heavitree Quartzite, Pollock Hills
843.7 997 1.95 43.2 4.75 0.091 0.09 35.45 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Heavitree Quartzite, Pollock Hills
46.41 38.1 1.45 1.43 1 1.13 0.87 0.405 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Heavitree Quartzite, Pollock Hills
98.1 3587 10.1 11.61 8.32 19.37 111.6 3.528 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Heavitree Quartzite, Pollock Hills
278.5 1028 21 89 24.91 29.19 73.7 53.69 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Heavitree Quartzite, Pollock Hills
124.1 1357 30.7 47.7 33.3 44.9 76.3 9.22 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Heavitree Quartzite, Pollock Hills
205.1 462 5.1 35.3 7.8 6.62 11.11 23.46 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Heavitree Quartzite, Pollock Hills
262 2597 26.9 40.9 22.7 30 81.03 14.3 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Heavitree Quartzite, Pollock Hills
128.1 45.1 2.3 5.8 3.02 3.48 4.26 4 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Heavitree Quartzite, Pollock Hills
75.3 16220 137.6 133.7 124.3 131.2 183 9.96 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Heavitree Quartzite, Pollock Hills
207.7 2218 21.2 27.2 21.5 40.2 124.1 5.93 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Heavitree Quartzite, Pollock Hills
122.9 258 4.9 4.38 3.57 3.94 2.8 0.699 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Heavitree Quartzite, Pollock Hills
81.8 6245 95.6 287.2 105.4 172.7 615 219.6 1 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Heavitree Quartzite, Pollock Hills
150.1 3494 243 484 265.6 353 883 230.5 2 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Heavitree Quartzite, Pollock Hills
82.8 780 8 20.46 7.56 9.24 18.85 17.25 2 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Heavitree Quartzite, Pollock Hills
11.59 2360 60 36.2 31.8 35.2 37.1 1.79 2 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Heavitree Quartzite, Pollock Hills
12.84 83 1.9 6.65 3.41 3.64 3.67 2.92 2 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Heavitree Quartzite, Pollock Hills
81.51 2747 36.7 84.1 37.4 43.1 98.8 46.36 2 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Heavitree Quartzite, Pollock Hills
66.76 3579 19.7 25.39 19.32 27.18 99.1 6.86 2 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Heavitree Quartzite, Pollock Hills
95.3 1781 10.1 18.58 10.89 16.98 62.6 9.06 2 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Heavitree Quartzite, Pollock Hills
49.01 392 2.05 87 11.98 6.41 15.95 68.2 2 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Heavitree Quartzite, Pollock Hills
74.4 1095 18.9 19.99 18.44 20.47 24.71 2.281 2 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Heavitree Quartzite, Pollock Hills
82.1 2788 67 138.6 71.9 88.3 177.5 56.75 2 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Heavitree Quartzite, Pollock Hills
539.5 775 67.7 146.6 73.9 146.4 854.9 43.78 2 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Heavitree Quartzite, Pollock Hills
73.19 742 20.7 61.6 24.7 28.88 58 38.04 2 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Heavitree Quartzite, Pollock Hills
100.2 938 2.1 8.11 2.63 5.93 39.73 6.97 2 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Heavitree Quartzite, Pollock Hills
132.6 236.4 15.7 16.07 14.25 16.31 21.54 2.42 2 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Heavitree Quartzite, Pollock Hills
87.2 1118 13.6 158.5 28.39 29.44 199.7 113.4 2 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Heavitree Quartzite, Pollock Hills
82.61 4848 94.9 115.1 91.1 106.5 206.8 25 2 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Heavitree Quartzite, Pollock Hills
46.54 4434 15.4 21.65 13.14 26.88 145.5 11.41 2 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Heavitree Quartzite, Pollock Hills
100.5 1877 18.2 26.4 15.92 22.1 48.7 11.9 2 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Heavitree Quartzite, Pollock Hills
181 60.5 2.3 21.48 1.71 0.023 0.00195 30.41 2 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
6.69 38 1.95 41.3 3.77 0.285 0.0065 45.76 2 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
143.2 42.6 1.9 25.57 2.36 0.0165 0.094 35.11 2 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
65.7 46.2 1.7 67.8 6.4 0.0165 0.00365 87.7 2 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
10.21 72 1.95 125.5 10.5 0.018 0.0203 187.4 2 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
236.4 796.5 1.65 200.4 21.02 0.0185 0.00155 211.4 2 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
96.3 81.2 1.35 21.19 1.69 0.018 0.00405 32.69 3 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
476 641.8 1.45 156.7 16.42 0.014 0.00405 171 3 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake MackayAppendix D J.K. P ORTER 431Appendix D  Table 1 Page 43 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file Mg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf
184341 184341MS - 9.d 138.2 11.97 250 2.53 50 13.69 602900 1169 132.3 4111 0.16 1.16 2.97 0.074 644.8 4980 21.27 159.5 5.87 33.94
184341 184341MS - 10.d 137.2 2.34 365 1.74 55 18.04 604500 2157 1036 1635 0.095 1.27 3.07 0.079 470.6 946 24.6 153.1 10.57 19.4
184341 184341MS - 11.d 136 122 800 1.47 50 37.95 601200 2846 1336 14710 0.25 1.27 2.83 0.07 685.5 37390 41 167.6 1.48 57
184341 184341MS - 12.d 145.1 4.48 560 2.34 42.5 19.38 596600 2418 1063 2337 0.13 1.37 3.25 0.076 414.5 2301 14.13 144.8 13.65 17.41
184341 184341MS - 13.d 142 15.79 590 1.9 40 19.6 599300 339.7 55.9 3104 0.14 1.78 3.11 0.83 587.5 1648 30.6 140.7 2.82 26.2
184341 184341MS - 14.d 142.1 29.3 560 2.29 47.5 9.01 603300 438 744 2359 0.11 1.41 3.64 0.1 148.2 171.9 18.24 169.8 23.65 4.25
184341 184341MS - 15.d 145.2 30.1 3660 2.45 46 5.97 603900 810 334.7 3950 0.29 2.08 8.1 0.145 350 1078 23.53 223 61.1 14.48
184341 184341MS - 16.d 145.2 25.1 275 2.3 40.5 14.61 602300 523.3 115.1 4210 0.06 1.28 3.88 0.063 567.8 5937 27.4 155.7 6.66 31.83
184341 184341MS - 17.d 140.9 138.3 730 2.55 44 28.15 605300 980 263.9 4641 0.096 1.1 3.26 0.103 836 7270 94.2 222.9 1.67 43.97
184341 184341MS - 18.d 153.4 770 1620 3.59 55 8.91 603000 622 1365 16900 0.08 3.77 3.58 0.323 266.2 2412 24.5 206.7 78.3 11.8
184341 184341MS - 19.d 144 13.19 710 2.3 39.5 4.14 602300 665 135.1 2815 0.105 1.15 3.14 0.089 246.3 2567 11.42 109.6 37.3 14.44
184341 184341MS - 20.d 141.5 4.43 980 2 49.5 13.11 604000 538 628.5 2633 0.27 1.33 3.51 0.081 226.9 1853 20.8 165.1 43.6 8.15
184341 184341MS - 21.d 141.1 11.4 1620 2.36 45 16.3 599600 2947 937 1628 0.1 1.31 3.43 540 225 1373 16.59 175.5 62.9 9.18
184341 184341MS - 22.d 140.8 76.9 340 2.23 55 16.35 603700 417 458.6 5281 0.05 1.38 3.13 0.074 732.4 7028 45.3 164.2 1.36 39.6
184341 184341MS - 23.d 138.9 15.05 640 2.07 44 11.8 603600 539.3 549.9 2704 0.13 1.46 2.74 96 487.1 1867 21.2 148.6 6.21 20.11
184341 184341MS - 24.d 139.9 10.66 610 1.97 44 13.88 603700 1052 531.4 2824 0.2 1.03 3.31 0.08 359.1 2494 29.4 145.1 1.87 13.67
184341 184341MS - 25.d 145 153 930 2.45 50 3.47 603600 586 1548 4300 1.97 4.01 8 0.4 424.1 1371 9.5 158.7 21.3 15.55
184341 184341MS - 26.d 143.3 48.8 640 2.75 41.5 12.23 603400 1604 555.9 1533 0.085 1.53 3.29 0.101 366.8 1240 24.8 156.8 23.2 13.36
184341 184341MS - 27.d 138.4 12.66 680 1.86 55 47.53 604700 1642 594 4282 0.095 1.14 3.08 0.086 657.4 8483 42.4 161.3 4.04 31.95
184341 184341MS - 28.d 139.7 31.6 385 2.49 40.5 15.36 602300 418.6 384.9 3072 0.23 1.12 3.01 0.1 673.1 1613 34 169.8 10.23 30.02
184341 184341MS - 29.d 139.4 32.9 355 2.27 65 14.8 601900 762 154.6 2645 0.13 1.22 3.18 0.079 634 588 27 163.6 1.56 27
184341 184341MS - 30.d 137.7 2.21 440 2.01 43.5 19.83 600000 2777 1058 2512 0.055 1.08 2.84 0.078 423.7 1786 10.92 165.2 8.62 16.3
184341 184341MS - 31.d 133.3 57.7 630 1.21 60 20.53 600300 985 146.9 4662 0.085 1.27 3.01 0.087 725.6 6700 22.7 165.3 2.85 38.67
184341 184341MS - 32.d 143.7 14.2 620 2.11 60 13.36 601600 649 121.7 3269 0.13 1.31 3.12 0.062 548.5 1521 47.4 165.5 12.8 26.86
184341 184341MS - 33.d 144.4 15.8 360 1.85 55 11.64 600900 648 518.4 2106 0.19 2.32 4.36 0.415 254.2 304 18.5 165.2 38.1 8.48
184341 184341MS - 34.d 147 8.34 330 1.86 43.5 7.56 605600 831 436.4 3509 0.105 1.23 3.1 0.079 510.1 5245 46.8 163.8 13.6 30.26
184341 184341MS - 35.d 145.6 4.65 720 1.54 50 12.7 605800 1191 830.7 2042 0.15 1.26 3.4 0.091 464.7 1862 26.18 189.4 34.2 17.51
184341 184341MS - 36.d 149.4 16.5 345 1.55 60 8.54 601200 782 187.1 2880 0.125 1.48 3.26 0.094 313 2487 27.7 230 45.4 19.67
184341 184341MS - 37.d 143.6 78.4 600 2.2 50 10.28 603800 433.7 327.6 3980 0.135 1.29 3.5 0.095 424 5800 17.64 161.1 11.05 19.88
184341 184341MS - 38.d 142.6 8.7 1020 2.1 43 12.12 600000 816 596.5 2634 0.1 1.5 3.35 0.098 496.9 2269 22.76 165.2 7.8 18.73
184341 184341MS - 39.d 145.7 9.16 700 2.54 39.5 17.38 604600 488.8 358.7 3743 0.075 1.25 2.98 0.09 636.1 3086 37.7 159.2 6.72 31.37
184341 184341MS - 40.d 141.9 4.18 1030 1.88 41 15.21 600400 2393 743 2189 0.1 1.23 2.83 0.086 413.7 2770 21.41 154.3 10.29 17.56
184341 184341MS - 41.d 143.7 16.68 740 2.3 47.5 21.06 603800 1795 631.2 3861 0.11 1.58 3.8 0.073 562.5 7490 42.9 165.9 18.8 26.16
184341 184341MS - 42.d 147.3 12.76 980 3.31 50 76.7 599100 2062 106.9 5640 0.115 1.39 4.03 0.066 12.19 14890 0.16 72 49.5 6.2
184341 184341MS - 43.d 142.7 6.36 520 2.34 37 11.32 603100 543.1 594.6 2908 0.16 1.5 2.88 0.069 393.9 1636 25.45 167.2 17.5 17.21
184341 184341MS - 44.d 143.4 7 265 1.7 42.5 37.22 602000 837 615.5 1982 0.103 1.19 2.5 0.08 396 54.9 12.87 137.6 25.38 15.55
184341 184341MS - 45.d 139.2 89 820 2.76 50 28.5 604500 700 218.4 6052 0.105 1.2 3.29 0.091 794.1 8729 27.1 189.6 1.3 48.2
184341 184341MS - 46.d 135.7 1.12 800 2.68 44.5 29.17 604700 3416 1010 2472 0.105 1.07 3.39 0.086 353.9 6959 14.65 168 8.93 15.76
184341 184341MS - 47.d 141.9 4.7 680 2.22 48 5.01 607600 471.7 1511 1639 0.11 1.22 3.33 0.076 224.4 1321 8.6 180.7 33.7 7.79
184341 184341MS - 48.d 139.9 67 285 2.21 42 16.31 600100 674 883 4500 0.065 2.19 3.96 0.095 377.6 2419 19.2 191.7 25.2 14.65
184341 184341MS - 49.d 146.5 134.6 415 1.86 47.5 20.85 605600 564.9 154.9 2720 0.095 1.77 2.92 0.082 450 1091 52.1 184.4 27.74 23.16432 J.K. P ORTERAppendix D  Table 1 Page 44 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file
184341 184341MS - 9.d
184341 184341MS - 10.d
184341 184341MS - 11.d
184341 184341MS - 12.d
184341 184341MS - 13.d
184341 184341MS - 14.d
184341 184341MS - 15.d
184341 184341MS - 16.d
184341 184341MS - 17.d
184341 184341MS - 18.d
184341 184341MS - 19.d
184341 184341MS - 20.d
184341 184341MS - 21.d
184341 184341MS - 22.d
184341 184341MS - 23.d
184341 184341MS - 24.d
184341 184341MS - 25.d
184341 184341MS - 26.d
184341 184341MS - 27.d
184341 184341MS - 28.d
184341 184341MS - 29.d
184341 184341MS - 30.d
184341 184341MS - 31.d
184341 184341MS - 32.d
184341 184341MS - 33.d
184341 184341MS - 34.d
184341 184341MS - 35.d
184341 184341MS - 36.d
184341 184341MS - 37.d
184341 184341MS - 38.d
184341 184341MS - 39.d
184341 184341MS - 40.d
184341 184341MS - 41.d
184341 184341MS - 42.d
184341 184341MS - 43.d
184341 184341MS - 44.d
184341 184341MS - 45.d
184341 184341MS - 46.d
184341 184341MS - 47.d
184341 184341MS - 48.d
184341 184341MS - 49.dTa W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Th U Group C Rocktype Rock Unit
179 1160 1.75 161.3 15.78 0.0175 0.0013 180.5 3 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
81.6 100.3 1.55 106.8 9.89 0.0155 0.0065 139.5 3 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
6249 17540 1.1 143.7 15.03 0.022 0.0045 150.6 3 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
2033 1900 1.85 48.9 4.55 0.0195 0.00355 61.1 3 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
60.2 416.5 1.9 169.7 18 0.145 0.17 170.8 3 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
7.49 20.57 1.95 29.82 2.56 0.0175 0.0127 46.18 3 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
62.3 193 2.9 23.7 4.41 3.32 1.52 28.99 3 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
421 630.9 1.7 146.3 15.28 0.0215 0.003 161.5 3 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
248.9 3560 2.15 215 21.18 0.02 0.0055 219.2 3 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
60.9 424 2.15 32.7 7.2 5.3 0.6 29.6 3 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
126.6 110.6 2.1 15.19 1.22 0.0135 0.084 24.87 3 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
58.1 179.8 2.2 39.01 3.78 0.0145 0.0014 45.59 3 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
63.91 40.6 2.3 54.6 5.03 0.34 1.9 77.5 3 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
509 6277 2 199.3 21.06 0.019 0.00155 205.6 3 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
355 83.1 2.4 128.3 13.21 0.199 0.44 132.9 3 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
188.2 104.2 2.1 140.8 13.86 0.019 0.0015 159.5 3 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
76.9 180 2 63.7 6.65 0.49 0.364 67.8 3 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
11.45 77.4 1.65 54 4.97 0.049 0.051 76.2 3 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
309 419.5 2.4 206.1 21.61 0.0125 0.006 225 3 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
55.9 256.7 1.7 138.1 13.77 0.015 0.008 147.3 3 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
6.54 162.1 2.15 134.7 13.98 0.0175 0.0055 145.6 3 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
102 129.4 1.85 64 6.74 0.0095 0.00395 70.51 3 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
1144 4983 1.8 117.4 12.11 0.0285 0.0016 130.3 3 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
45.43 495.4 2.9 121.9 12.06 0.055 0.089 146.2 3 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
19.83 125.8 1.95 74.8 7.82 0.332 0.692 83.8 3 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
115.3 855.4 1.15 147.2 14.25 0.014 0.0033 187.3 3 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
130.7 90 1.65 61.4 5.91 0.049 0.0111 75.5 3 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
190.9 223.9 2.45 15.9 1.56 0.157 0.108 23.09 3 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
210.4 414 2.3 100.5 10.19 0.0205 0.0036 105.2 3 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
102.1 106.1 1.85 131.1 13.89 0.0115 0.0036 143.9 3 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
82.85 606 1.45 207.5 21.31 0.014 0.0046 222.8 3 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
164.1 165.7 1.9 121.1 12.35 0.0145 0.0029 129.1 3 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
435 1037 1.5 146.2 15.12 0.0205 0.0029 152.1 3 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
1194 2090 3.05 1.71 0.415 0.288 0.125 2.22 3 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
196.1 204.3 1.1 58.3 5.7 0.0175 0.0015 76.1 3 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
1.551 28.4 2.15 30.12 2.52 0.0205 0.0192 47.72 3 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
2848 8084 1.95 168.3 17.34 0.021 0.0075 181.2 3 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
532 42.91 1.9 32.15 2.9 0.0105 0.00195 46.77 3 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
65.6 28.16 1.95 37.33 3.83 0.0195 0.00385 43.52 3 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
84 95 1.65 100.5 9.48 0.211 0.091 112.2 3 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
54.1 330.5 2.45 97.8 9.46 0.06 0.057 117.9 3 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake MackayAppendix D J.K. P ORTER 433Appendix D  Table 1 Page 45 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file Mg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf
184341 184341MS - 50.d 137 131.1 840 2.23 55 25.01 602400 873 202.9 5510 0.15 1.61 3.06 0.311 930 10500 92.4 232.9 14.2 44.2
184341 184341MS - 51.d 130.2 11.6 870 0.6 50 21.21 598700 526.8 207.3 2810 0.19 1.43 2.83 0.088 678 818.7 34.7 180.8 1.63 26.23
184341 184341MS - 52.d 146.7 72.7 275 2.29 48 22.55 601900 485.8 396.4 5742 0.125 1.07 3.26 0.083 755.9 10110 31.3 170.6 2.03 39.7
184341 184341MS - 53.d 152.8 16.7 205 2.02 55 14.61 602300 474 379.9 2950 0.06 1.53 3.98 0.094 311.1 2387 23.9 194.4 7.36 10.45
184341 184341MS - 54.d 149.1 10.07 290 2.35 55 8.45 601500 383.1 815 3061 0.1 1.24 3.03 0.102 497.5 2588 18.87 209.9 19 21.67
184341 184341MS - 55.d 147.6 8.07 610 2.31 42.5 15.79 601100 603.7 88.1 2254 0.135 1.42 3.16 0.077 451 1163 24 141.5 5.48 21.1
184341 184341MS - 56.d 150 3.65 540 2.19 32 16.18 600500 717 526.7 2074 0.229 1.1 3.31 0.086 425.9 79.26 24.6 151.7 6.12 13.88
184341 184341MS - 57.d 148.4 26.3 560 2.36 43.5 13.25 604000 617 200.2 4229 0.14 1.35 3.39 0.086 628.8 7507 23 157.5 6.79 29.29
184341 184341MS - 58.d 150 60.8 345 2.16 38 24.37 602600 574 208.1 4281 0.15 1.4 3.11 0.092 709 5518 29.5 172.7 3.09 37.77
184341 184341MS - 59.d 149.7 11.61 630 1.84 41 10.05 604300 1966 670.5 1915 0.075 1.28 2.92 0.077 387.6 1443 28.4 184.2 8.75 12.61
184341 184341MS - 60.d 144.7 87.3 800 1.55 49 17.93 601300 551.8 146.3 5890 0.135 1.4 3.56 0.104 760.1 7758 22.82 169.9 2.9 45.5
184341 184341MS - 61.d 145.8 53.7 610 2.44 55 7.41 604600 1229 360.4 2378 0.18 1.39 4.81 0.098 361.7 3026 30.7 167.2 19.06 15.04
184341 184341MS - 62.d 148.6 9.18 225 2.78 45.5 9.42 602700 482.1 1060 3075 0.08 1.22 3.24 0.075 224.7 2640 17.3 169.2 13.17 12.94
184341 184341MS - 63.d 142.5 61.9 580 2.23 48.5 23.28 600200 738 446.4 7120 0.11 1.34 3.33 0.131 507.5 12590 37.8 166.4 34.6 33.48
184341 184341MS - 64.d 141.1 54.6 800 1.88 39 42.84 600400 1339 259 2785 0.085 1.14 2.63 0.073 245.4 2729 18.29 185.7 8.73 10.92
184341 184341MS - 65.d 141.9 8.13 580 1.91 50 8.29 599100 472 763.9 2911 0.085 1.22 3.23 0.079 482 2339 22.5 166.8 4.37 18.2
184341 184341MS - 66.d 143 9.58 600 1.52 50 15.24 603500 1892.4 444.9 3012 0.1 1.32 3.6 0.09 485.6 2183 30.8 155.7 13.82 23.32
184341 184341MS - 67.d 138.5 7.42 730 1.58 44.5 21.3 600200 735 134.5 2810 0.135 1.25 3.38 0.129 605 569 74.3 187.9 12.84 27.68
184341 184341MS - 68.d 144.6 4.73 255 1.62 43.5 13.16 604100 893 1117 1895 0.14 1.8 5.05 0.101 463.8 1038 62.8 201.3 18.9 20.13
184341 184341MS - 69.d 140.2 7.94 315 2.52 47.5 21.22 599900 1766 531.8 2537 0.125 1.45 3.17 0.075 143.9 1483.6 12.53 164.3 10.8 4.77
184341 184341MS - 70.d 141.8 2.96 285 2.12 55 22.76 605200 692 1431 2381 0.11 1.32 3.36 0.089 198.1 1623 18.37 150.4 43.5 6.2
184341 184341MS - 71.d 137.1 13.05 540 1.22 47.5 22.66 603600 1193 373 2347 0.11 1.21 3.24 0.069 295 644 22.1 184.2 7.24 10.72
184341 184341MS - 72.d 159.2 56.9 380 2.09 65 19.34 607400 623 111 4047 0.135 1.39 4 0.094 464.7 6138 51 178.2 14.8 28.59
184341 184341MS - 73.d 157.6 14.52 310 2.69 43.5 12.53 606700 927 281.1 2605 0.115 1.35 2.86 0.06 482.5 1298 27.07 164.6 2.75 19.12
184341 184341MS - 74.d 149.9 34.7 730 2.09 50 24.1 608000 731 293.8 3156 0.108 1.36 2.77 0.37 860 3859 53.5 182.5 4.78 34.7
184341 184341MS - 75.d 146.9 2.55 700 1.82 50 32.93 603100 808 472.2 4263 0.15 1.24 3.54 0.065 346.2 7781 21.2 161.2 29.5 14.92
184341 184341MS - 76.d 149.7 23.78 500 2.18 50 24.06 601000 1177 246.5 7087 0.085 1.21 3.4 0.08 814.3 14061 24.6 168.7 1.29 45.26
184341 184341MS - 77.d 149.6 5.2 770 1.63 41 31.46 603800 4049 2047 2870 0.25 1.25 3.65 0.263 367.7 6630 19.9 189 28.5 15.28
184341 184341MS - 78.d 148 3.47 630 2.51 55 6.02 604900 354.2 1701 3000 0.185 1.11 3.11 0.081 304.2 1460 23.67 160.4 7.97 9.59
184341 184341MS - 79.d 146.5 12.4 500 1.98 48 36.86 605300 1746 634.9 2873 0.14 1.14 2.87 0.094 603.5 4077 12.65 146.4 6.5 36.5
184341 184341MS - 80.d 147.3 69.9 590 2.19 55 37.4 602700 1254 303.6 5790 0.13 1.25 3.23 0.288 544 9930 32.2 198.8 8.89 34.6
184341 184341MS - 81.d 144.5 33.1 720 2.41 42.5 10.16 600100 363.4 2330 2994 0.44 1.52 5.17 0.138 372 2833 38.6 162.3 11.89 13.02
184341 184341MS - 82.d 140.2 45.4 880 1.38 35.5 17.56 605000 450.8 134.2 4051 0.15 1.1 2.93 0.083 603.9 6007 28.6 165.7 6.29 33.17
184341 184341MS - 83.d 141.6 14 15300 1.63 60 26.73 601700 2839 767 1610 0.085 1.24 3.1 0.141 218 2990 16.3 190.9 49.4 7.59
184341 184341MS - 84.d 143.7 17.3 690 2.21 44 7.01 604100 458 182.2 2544 0.12 1.29 3.18 0.066 389.1 369 26.1 180.3 11.35 14.45
184341 184341MS - 85.d 145.5 5.37 490 2.16 42 15.23 603200 2306 542.8 3034 0.11 1.17 2.74 0.074 286.5 4037 16.5 144.5 18.14 21.31
184341 184341MS - 86.d 141.4 23.5 760 2.17 46 14.91 598900 364.4 199.2 3545 0.12 1.07 2.85 0.084 640.5 2200 32.7 180.2 1.14 25.86
184341 184341MS - 87.d 141 8 860 2.01 43 14.21 609000 358.3 482.2 2606 0.125 1.18 2.64 0.073 432.8 76.1 15.86 166.4 16.72 13.78
184341 184341MS - 88.d 141.2 6.4 770 1.71 39.5 11.69 599300 542.7 219.8 3133 0.125 1.29 3.24 0.105 397 2753 15.34 146.7 9.31 15.28
184341 184341MS - 89.d 142.6 6.23 530 2.65 50 9.97 602500 1563 263 2867 0.13 1.29 2.8 0.068 364.2 3365 23.6 161.5 23.37 21.51
184341 184341MS - 90.d 140.4 6.55 250 1.98 45 8.18 597400 667 559.1 3839 0.085 1.08 3.31 0.074 407 3930 19.3 158.7 7.67 18.72434 J.K. P ORTERAppendix D  Table 1 Page 46 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file
184341 184341MS - 50.d
184341 184341MS - 51.d
184341 184341MS - 52.d
184341 184341MS - 53.d
184341 184341MS - 54.d
184341 184341MS - 55.d
184341 184341MS - 56.d
184341 184341MS - 57.d
184341 184341MS - 58.d
184341 184341MS - 59.d
184341 184341MS - 60.d
184341 184341MS - 61.d
184341 184341MS - 62.d
184341 184341MS - 63.d
184341 184341MS - 64.d
184341 184341MS - 65.d
184341 184341MS - 66.d
184341 184341MS - 67.d
184341 184341MS - 68.d
184341 184341MS - 69.d
184341 184341MS - 70.d
184341 184341MS - 71.d
184341 184341MS - 72.d
184341 184341MS - 73.d
184341 184341MS - 74.d
184341 184341MS - 75.d
184341 184341MS - 76.d
184341 184341MS - 77.d
184341 184341MS - 78.d
184341 184341MS - 79.d
184341 184341MS - 80.d
184341 184341MS - 81.d
184341 184341MS - 82.d
184341 184341MS - 83.d
184341 184341MS - 84.d
184341 184341MS - 85.d
184341 184341MS - 86.d
184341 184341MS - 87.d
184341 184341MS - 88.d
184341 184341MS - 89.d
184341 184341MS - 90.dTa W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Th U Group C Rocktype Rock Unit
1101 2230 2.4 179.6 18.32 0.159 0.138 184.1 3 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
16.08 103.1 1.7 127.9 13.02 0.012 0.0039 133.2 3 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
1158 2420 2 161.5 16.85 0.0205 0.00345 175.8 3 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
79.9 115 1.9 98.2 9.91 0.151 0.00435 100.4 3 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
111.8 199 2.35 120.1 12.68 0.048 0.0124 123.6 3 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
89.2 170.3 2.75 167.8 17.52 0.019 0.005 192.3 3 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
1.95 51.5 1.6 92.7 9.2 0.013 0.00375 99.6 3 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
235.9 211.6 2.2 161.9 16.95 0.0205 0.0033 171.1 3 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
214.6 1430 2.55 159.2 16.64 0.021 0.00385 167.7 3 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
50.8 65.2 1.7 132.9 13.81 0.014 0.00455 152.6 3 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
2363 7516 2.2 160.7 16.62 0.335 0.101 172.7 3 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
369 221.5 1.3 106.7 9.8 0.0145 0.0047 144.9 3 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
1721 2080 1.4 28.37 2.56 0.018 0.0131 39.22 3 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
3016 5813 1.55 19.71 2.59 1.07 0.0206 22.88 3 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
241.2 194.4 2.2 70.9 7.15 0.0185 0.00205 82.94 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
182.3 601 1.6 132.1 13.71 0.0085 0.00435 155.4 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
12.28 49.8 2 92.3 9.7 0.015 0.0033 106.7 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
8.5 586.7 2.4 90.7 8.46 0.099 0.00365 112.8 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
24.89 280 2.95 186.7 18.53 0.062 0.0238 191.5 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
24.75 9.03 1.4 57.7 6.16 0.0205 0.004 63.47 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
2.03 72.6 2 26.12 2.48 0.0175 0.0035 31.08 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
74.94 92.6 1.95 67 6.15 0.0255 0.0044 97.3 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
157.3 434.5 2.5 134.8 14.05 0.02 0.005 145.5 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
48.23 60.1 2.2 103.4 10.37 0.0185 0.0015 119.1 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
77.15 662 1.95 161.3 16.03 0.047 0.054 203.8 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
247 154.4 1.55 26.75 2.38 0.0215 0.036 39.77 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
1934 6570 1.85 171.3 18.02 0.015 0.00365 186.2 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
343 253.3 2.25 98.2 11.84 2.2 0.1 114 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
48.2 24.4 1.8 39.9 4.14 0.016 0.0036 43.48 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
1104 538.9 2.45 57.5 5.48 0.0175 0.0034 83.8 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
1722 5630 1.75 81.7 8 0.214 0.045 94.1 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
112.3 59.7 1.5 57.5 5.28 0.087 0.049 79.9 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
172.9 621.6 1.6 191 19.4 0.0135 0.005 196.9 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
55.2 22.9 2.1 25.8 2.27 0.107 0.098 46.45 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
23.8 232.5 2.15 32.28 2.61 0.0215 0.0085 47.91 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
2500 1650 1.1 28.66 2.33 0.0215 0.0049 42.73 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
29.86 139.2 2.25 136.3 14.58 0.013 0.0021 150 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
0.096 13.07 1.8 72.7 7.62 0.018 0.004 84.3 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
19.92 117 1.6 106.5 11.02 0.0175 0.00425 119.7 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
1191 448 2.25 38.5 3.43 0.018 0.00335 50.83 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
1087 164.3 1.9 67.6 6.6 0.0165 0.0055 85.5 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake MackayAppendix D J.K. P ORTER 435Appendix D  Table 1 Page 47 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file Mg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf
184341 184341MS - 91.d 137.6 3.26 460 0.475 40.5 25.43 599000 1739 1080 1977 0.08 1.25 2.97 0.074 450 214.5 11.32 148.3 11.79 16.31
184341 184341MS - 92.d 154.5 5.14 770 2.08 50 31.99 603800 1873 1329 2186 0.12 1.19 3.08 0.087 397.2 1545 13.59 149.8 2.99 14.63
184341 184341MS - 93.d 159.5 6.5 590 2.24 55 24.39 602800 2810 326.3 2536 0.17 1.2 2.94 0.095 521.2 3157 41.2 170.9 1.42 23.1
184341 184341MS - 94.d 156.8 2.9 320 1.58 47.5 36.65 602200 2194 407 2109 0.125 1.17 3.05 0.062 410.6 2698 18.82 168.5 16.36 14.66
184341 184341MS - 95.d 155.5 16.79 730 1.99 50 10.87 602600 433.4 293.2 2433 0.19 1.41 2.81 0.094 315.7 280.9 25 175 7.78 10.66
184341 184341MS - 96.d 153.1 33.4 680 1.4 49 14.56 601600 706 160.1 4255 0.23 1.19 3.25 0.104 617 3688 24.35 183.3 1.96 34.31
184341 184341MS - 97.d 151.1 6.25 980 1.87 48.5 36.66 606200 4373 2244 2697 0.175 1.2 2.77 0.07 485.7 10051 16.76 142.1 9.63 22.29
184341 184341MS - 98.d 149.5 12.4 560 2.25 60 13.21 604600 916 284 4464 0.145 1.27 3.14 0.088 595.1 6621 21.6 160.6 2.76 29.19
184341 184341MS - 99.d 150.4 143.6 710 2.67 166 26 601600 1051 375.1 2706 0.12 1.09 3.25 272 528.6 3013 58.9 196.3 2.11 23.3
184341 184341MS - 100.d 147.8 3.67 720 1.77 42.5 12.87 601000 526 687.1 2257 0.12 1 3.6 0.078 269 398 23.3 168.7 18.9 10.28
184341 184341MS - 101.d 146.3 3.05 1100 1.23 50 32.3 604800 2243 634.1 1897 0.095 1.16 3.05 0.087 198.1 2001 15.65 163.4 11.78 7.43
184341 184341MS - 102.d 148.9 8.65 680 1.49 44.5 10.39 601800 606 368.5 3869 0.155 1.04 2.93 0.075 701.9 2759 26.7 152.6 0.9 33.76
184341 184341MS - 103.d 148.9 77.3 430 2.08 39.5 24.48 602700 857 774.5 6516 0.19 1.27 3.09 0.073 733.6 13407 49.2 193.8 8.4 35.47
184341 184341MS - 104.d 149.7 45.8 380 1.5 39 20.52 605500 551.6 394.7 2826 0.145 1.12 3.21 0.073 602.6 304 34.1 178.6 3.06 22.52
184341 184341MS - 105.d 143.6 6.53 220 1.42 55 2.69 600600 419.8 242.5 2394 0.15 1.09 2.61 0.086 297.7 1208 19.67 171.2 29.4 15.02
184341 184341MS - 106.d 143.9 142 590 4.04 41.5 8.43 602300 349.2 496 2918 0.14 1.86 3.66 3.5 381.4 2484 21.33 161 28 15.56
184341 184341MS - 107.d 146.3 22.6 560 1.59 30.5 10.31 601400 404.5 342.9 2725 0.135 1.2 3.23 0.07 318.6 157.4 21.46 171.9 9.41 8.75
184341 184341MS - 108.d 145.4 8.9 530 1.77 55 13.71 605000 1638 1051 1984 0.115 1.29 2.65 0.077 115.47 926.1 6.97 142.6 15.71 4.96
184341 184341MS - 109.d 144.1 19.9 610 0.6 55 18.88 603000 2222 746.1 1905 0.14 1.58 3.04 0.669 366.7 1930 16.68 126.7 44.2 17.77
184341 184341MS - 110.d 226 223 600 1.52 50 33.37 601300 1338 264.4 9276 0.16 1.35 3.62 0.072 610.2 22580 30.8 207 4.63 38.25
184341 184341MS - 111.d 158.2 112 690 0.55 111 61.2 603600 518.3 86.6 13250 0.22 3.85 5.69 1.917 13.59 120.7 28.5 7.86 0.257 0.84
184341 184341MS - 112.d 160.9 136 730 3.99 720 16.66 605500 698.7 237.7 6380 0.57 3.56 7.9 1700 661.7 5224 37.1 183.7 17.88 30
184341 184341MS - 113.d 156.6 20.52 740 2.08 40 5.51 605300 425.1 184.7 2898 0.055 1.19 3.62 0.115 390.1 1376 18.3 176.6 6.37 9.83
184341 184341MS - 114.d 155.1 7.05 440 1.85 45 11.97 607600 1826 397.8 2898 0.095 1.29 3.66 0.088 428.7 3515 28.3 170.1 8.86 19.41
184341 184341MS - 115.d 156.1 10.17 460 2.58 48.5 12.66 604300 476.8 1062 3312 0.155 1.19 3.49 0.087 624.1 2458 28.6 144.5 4.98 27.07
184341 184341MS - 116.d 156.7 22.8 230 3.29 42.5 13.22 606100 817 1072 2828 0.11 1.02 3.08 0.081 549.8 1460.8 46.8 178.1 1.31 22.13
184341 184341MS - 117.d 183.4 255 800 2 85 62 602900 1550 540 33700 1.05 2.35 7.3 3.3 1109 31670 32.2 237.1 17.3 60.4
184341 184341MS - 118.d 153.7 51.7 220 2.42 50 20.06 602500 654 284 5864 0.16 1.45 3.12 0.083 769.4 9256 33.3 165.4 0.72 40.56
184341 184341M - 1.d 163.6 139.8 780 1.85 291 221.1 603400 2874 417 8530 0.115 3.3 4.35 3.33 33.5 166.2 10.8 4.13 0.58 0.88
184341 184341M - 2.d 148.1 17.4 1700 1.48 55 30.83 602300 3064 1126 3400 0.13 2.09 3.46 0.061 489.2 6739 16.4 148.6 8.62 20.8
184341 184341M - 3.d 149.1 1.87 190 2.06 45 10.45 600100 453.8 302.7 2843 0.14 1.34 3.21 0.078 200 231.2 11.91 160.7 43.6 6.5
184341 184341M - 4.d 156.1 950 1950 2.7 60 15.17 600200 983 153.7 16000 0.35 3.9 4.72 1.07 614 9260 41.7 207.8 10.8 35.96
184341 184341M - 5.d 171.3 150 640 2.16 224 121.2 603000 545.8 20.5 6280 0.135 4.54 5.26 1.96 9.7 10.59 17.3 2.16 0.248 0.195
184341 184341M - 6.d 183.3 269 880 3.18 65 39.4 605400 906 339 99000 1.52 4.92 9.1 10.7 970 8520 83.9 235.3 39.4 33.1
184341 184341M - 7.d 145.4 196.1 670 2.11 50 36.69 602500 2040 1103 7020 0.1 1.78 3.56 0.095 789.3 17300 43.1 153 0.57 44.3
184341 184341M - 8.d 147.1 2.48 530 2.05 41 12.16 601400 1486 192.8 2581 0.155 1.46 3.14 0.067 163.1 2910 6.67 221.5 59.2 7.35
184341 184341M - 9.d 148.8 55 630 1.82 55 12.15 601500 823 458.7 4600 0.105 1.83 4.08 0.236 497.8 2444 31.6 217.7 27.3 27.72
184341 184341M - 10.d 162.1 96.3 690 1.53 60 58.9 602500 479 54 20700 0.35 2.53 4.68 3.02 32.9 195.1 14.1 17 0.337 0.94
184341 184341M - 11.d 148.2 77 230 2.47 44.5 46.4 601700 2261 708.6 10150 0.07 1.62 3.75 8.2 606 27680 101.2 279.1 5.44 44.94
184341 184341M - 12.d 144.8 5.54 255 1.77 45 18.08 604300 474.2 219.1 2261 0.11 1.54 3.55 0.08 268.8 41.53 23.3 155 16.62 8.83
184341 184341M - 13.d 151.3 940 1940 0.85 85 157.9 602000 877 577 23300 0.5 8.8 8.2 0.51 18.4 204.7 11 7.46 0.202 0.49436 J.K. P ORTERAppendix D  Table 1 Page 48 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file
184341 184341MS - 91.d
184341 184341MS - 92.d
184341 184341MS - 93.d
184341 184341MS - 94.d
184341 184341MS - 95.d
184341 184341MS - 96.d
184341 184341MS - 97.d
184341 184341MS - 98.d
184341 184341MS - 99.d
184341 184341MS - 100.d
184341 184341MS - 101.d
184341 184341MS - 102.d
184341 184341MS - 103.d
184341 184341MS - 104.d
184341 184341MS - 105.d
184341 184341MS - 106.d
184341 184341MS - 107.d
184341 184341MS - 108.d
184341 184341MS - 109.d
184341 184341MS - 110.d
184341 184341MS - 111.d
184341 184341MS - 112.d
184341 184341MS - 113.d
184341 184341MS - 114.d
184341 184341MS - 115.d
184341 184341MS - 116.d
184341 184341MS - 117.d
184341 184341MS - 118.d
184341 184341M - 1.d
184341 184341M - 2.d
184341 184341M - 3.d
184341 184341M - 4.d
184341 184341M - 5.d
184341 184341M - 6.d
184341 184341M - 7.d
184341 184341M - 8.d
184341 184341M - 9.d
184341 184341M - 10.d
184341 184341M - 11.d
184341 184341M - 12.d
184341 184341M - 13.dTa W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Th U Group C Rocktype Rock Unit
9.27 21.89 1.6 44.4 3.94 0.013 0.00485 63.5 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
54.04 57.1 2 115.2 11.86 0.018 0.0044 126.6 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
143.2 283.9 2.05 180.5 19.04 0.015 0.0032 203 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
98.7 72.1 2 76.8 7.94 0.0155 0.00145 96.51 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
13.59 36.17 2.8 119.9 12.7 0.0125 0.0031 134.2 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
149.6 161.5 1.85 97.5 8.96 0.1 0.0229 140.2 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
1088.5 258.5 1.6 46.8 4.29 0.0155 0.0036 64.65 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
358 1630 1.8 153.3 15.39 0.026 0.00435 181.8 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
561 573 1.6 389 41.8 240 1650 348 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
67.47 99.6 2.5 80.6 6.95 0.014 0.0036 121.3 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
95.31 50.3 2.4 48.62 4.34 0.013 0.006 73.43 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
154.2 1103 2.2 205.8 21.33 0.015 0.00145 230.3 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
3028 4665 2.7 146 15.34 0.0175 0.00415 165.8 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
5.94 134.8 1.55 134.1 14.11 0.016 0.0055 145.8 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
30.03 127 2.35 17.01 1.22 0.0215 0.077 27.82 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
189 192.6 44 130 58 84 60 40.5 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
26.17 45 2.25 63.1 5.89 0.021 0.0044 87.7 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
93.6 33.03 1.25 24.07 2.04 0.0145 0.0034 36.87 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
21.32 94.4 2 42.3 5.34 1.09 0.044 50.3 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
3085 5163 2.2 86.3 9.45 0.0145 0.0204 91.49 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
8.08 171.9 42.4 62.3 44.5 46.5 0.081 27.82 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
274.3 2700 6.4 620 72 570 5100 1410 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
4.62 39.58 1.6 79.5 7.42 0.0125 0.015 112.2 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
496 601 1.25 144.8 15.14 0.109 0.044 159.1 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
60.5 114.8 1.9 104 10.85 0.0205 0.005 117.1 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
28.33 158.5 2 185.4 19.27 0.0155 0.0055 200.1 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
2704 6174 43 137 50 45 1.69 84.3 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
506 4723 2.2 208 22.01 0.0185 0.00155 220.5 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
8.17 943 4.6 9.66 5.06 5.3 1.611 13.94 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
255 88.2 2 93.3 8.41 0.285 0.0036 102.9 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
8.49 215.3 1.7 25.68 2.09 0.0185 0.0085 38.22 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
135.4 842 1.8 80.8 7.2 0.605 0.279 122.2 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
2.15 181 6.1 13.2 7.7 7.7 2.34 15.05 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
980 2520 3.6 83.8 17 15.8 12.7 78.5 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
2584 7173 1.7 131.3 12.84 0.0205 0.00295 171.7 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
150 24.5 1.65 27.67 2.61 0.061 0.0243 35.99 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
102.97 370 2.15 47.6 5.17 1.39 0.149 72.6 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
10.19 65.1 11.3 20.1 11.3 11.7 1.35 14.81 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
4091 6108 2.45 128.3 14 0.83 0.88 125.6 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
3.27 75.9 1.25 63.8 6.37 0.031 0.00345 72.98 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
18.19 356 6.7 12.26 8.98 10.16 0.96 5.26 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake MackayAppendix D J.K. P ORTER 437Appendix D  Table 1 Page 49 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file Mg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf
184341 184341M - 14.d 159 48 325 2.91 55 15.15 598900 1058 808 2450 0.33 2.68 3.24 0.54 411 1764 25.7 175.7 14.7 13.54
184341 184341M - 15.d 165.3 98 1260 1.96 107 79.9 600700 509 110.1 8100 0.135 1.83 3.47 0.722 31 76.76 14.75 7.79 0.06 0.78
184341 184341M - 16.d 153 8 730 1.62 50 11.62 602300 744 105.9 2268 0.115 1.26 3.23 0.083 426 753 23.2 193.7 15.2 16.64
184341 184341M - 17.d 192.2 2150 4910 3.4 115 25.24 606000 1433 806 19500 0.32 6.5 7.2 0.208 954 32260 61 291 22.7 48.5
184341 184341M - 18.d 157.9 12.01 225 2.32 50 12.9 604000 1211 261 2595 0.21 1.31 3.73 0.112 330.9 1653 22.8 189.9 46.5 13.59
184341 184341M - 19.d 152.3 6.12 690 1.9 42 7.19 603100 966 693.5 2702 0.05 1.18 3.26 0.069 469.6 2124 24.2 136.1 5.5 20.13
184341 184341M - 20.d 151.8 1.61 550 1.99 55 37.05 601800 3117 1220 1553 0.19 1.26 3.47 0.075 342.6 1893 11.65 126.3 21.5 12.91
184341 184341M - 21.d 158.3 4800 6400 4.07 55 38.1 603300 1404 388 101000 0.74 8.3 5.64 0.459 278 1462 8.89 158.5 32.8 11.08
184341 184341M - 22.d 153.7 41.6 690 1.36 45 10.56 600500 684 244.8 2782 0.15 1.4 2.99 0.097 437.9 268.7 33.2 173 5.05 15.22
184341 184341M - 23.d 150.4 10.9 850 1.69 43.5 36.12 604700 2116 511.6 4233 0.21 1.64 3.16 0.347 426.7 10934 40.5 218.7 9.32 22.25
184341 184341M - 24.d 148.8 102.4 700 1.58 55 30.59 603400 1215 313.5 5260 0.07 1.19 2.97 0.063 761.9 7777 76.3 210.9 2.36 43.25
184341 184341M - 25.d 149.8 6.8 680 0.6 55 16.57 596600 1113 475.5 3017 0.14 1.14 2.68 0.073 432.9 2567 52 179.9 3.58 15.5
184341 184341M - 26.d 164.1 26.8 970 1.9 60 41.3 602800 4229 1358 17300 0.61 2.14 16.6 0.13 356.1 8810 25.5 194.7 23.1 17.43
184341 184341M - 27.d 167 719 1410 1.98 183 85.4 599800 336.1 60.6 20750 0.29 1.63 5.9 4.85 11.7 1503 4.59 10.48 5.43 0.415
184341 184341M - 28.d 166.9 63.7 730 2.29 55 18.9 605800 199.7 84.1 18200 0.13 2.48 4.16 1.87 7.06 389 6.38 12.8 1.01 0.242
184341 184341M - 29.d 197 91 1450 3.75 80 16.1 601600 716 349 60000 0.62 4.47 10.3 1.46 213.2 1119 16.2 139.9 19.6 7.14
184341 184341M - 30.d 168 166 360 3 75 13.9 601000 551 192 25700 0.91 7.88 10.5 0.69 436 3100 26.2 170.8 35.9 19.5
184341 184341M - 31.d 208.8 302 910 2.61 44 190 605100 2344 565 81000 0.9 6.21 7 1.31 72.5 1600 2.59 82 21.8 2.3
184341 184341M - 32.d 199 3500 3600 1.79 48 23.9 605800 677 167.8 5110 0.1 2.12 3.84 0.095 513 7420 29.6 190.2 35.8 29.5
184341 184341Z-1 - 1.d 129.8 10 4950 12 800 73.4 591700 3022 2321 3340 0.7 2.52 6.8 0.128 398.4 4577 7.2 201.6 12.51 21.5
184341 184341Z-1 - 2.d 111 11.5 5000 11 600 72.8 582800 3041 2685 4130 0.485 1.25 7 0.09 473.7 5320 8.3 212.7 6.21 21.2
184341 184341Z-2 - 1.d 126.9 12 2300 10 650 25.4 582300 893 224.1 7110 0.43 1.1 7.2 0.08 597.7 4420 18.1 242.5 6.09 31.3
184341 184341Z-2 - 2.d 114.6 30.5 4550 11.5 800 34.8 590300 1082 254.9 9740 0.55 1.3 6.6 0.07 736.2 5068 18.1 265.3 1.7 40.5
184341 184341Z-3 - 1.d 129.4 330 4150 11 650 43.9 592000 1002 732 6700 0.75 1.2 7.8 0.08 767.7 4580 57.6 339.4 0.8 39.8
184341 184341Z-3 - 2.d 115.1 344 5500 12 1050 44.6 591900 1024 748 6790 0.6 3 8 0.09 775.8 4730 58.5 388 0.69 40
184341 184341Z-4 - 1.d 110.6 46.9 3750 12 700 37.7 589100 875 247.3 4110 0.43 1 6.2 0.059 275.2 327.4 16.6 232.8 9.24 8.5
184341 184341Z-4 - 2.d 115.9 79 4600 11.5 750 36.9 587500 866 262.1 5220 0.78 1.05 6.3 0.199 262.2 277.6 16.2 219.5 6.94 7.71
184341 184341Z-5 - 1.d 140.1 70.4 2600 12 650 24.7 593800 728.3 132.3 5650 0.45 1.2 5.8 0.06 586.5 1808 24 261 7.97 25.6
184341 184341Z-5 - 2.d 116.4 57 3900 11 550 26.4 585800 733.5 137.3 6640 0.65 1.2 6.7 0.075 586.3 2129 26.4 270 0.69 19.8
184341 184341Z-6 - 1.d 116.8 46.2 3150 11.5 500 24.2 587200 665 2297 4200 1.1 1.05 6.4 0.065 667 2460 28 236.5 2.42 28.2
184341 184341Z-6 - 2.d 136.5 72 3950 13.5 700 24.4 591100 654 2106 4810 0.8 1.25 6.2 0.07 472.8 1946 28.3 233.1 8.78 20.8
184341 184341Z-7 - 1.d 115.8 292 5500 12 650 24.8 585400 945 664 7410 0.9 1.1 7.3 0.105 628.3 5450 30.2 272 12.61 30.4
184341 184341Z-7 - 2.d 112.1 273 3650 14 700 38.9 585600 1067 787 9070 0.46 2.5 5.2 0.07 856.7 5422 32 281 1.34 48.2
184341 184341Z-8 - 1.d 121.3 10 3700 14 750 12.5 589700 701 555 4010 0.7 1.2 6 0.065 81.2 0.72 3.33 312.6 52.3 2.24
184341 184341Z-9 - 1.d 124.1 85 5500 15 850 19.3 595200 878 1521 5640 1.1 2.8 6.3 0.208 390.7 2044 16.4 263.9 17 14.9
184341 184341Z-9 - 2.d 122.9 25.8 4000 13.5 700 16.7 587400 906 1450 4770 0.9 1.65 7.7 0.11 362.6 2448 18.1 286 37.4 16.4
184341 184341Z-10 - 1.d 118.3 8 4750 13.5 700 12.2 587500 2582 1960 2650 0.55 1.25 7.5 0.088 282.3 1828 12.8 228 6.58 8.93
184341 184341Z-10 - 2.d 119.7 12 6500 18.5 1000 8.1 594200 2507 2611 4440 0.8 1.25 6.4 0.07 306.8 1775 17.9 236.2 16.1 10.69
184341 184341Z-11 - 1.d 111.2 42 3350 15 600 25.3 592400 1016 149.8 6010 0.75 1.4 6.9 0.095 792.7 1401 26.1 260.8 0.75 32.2
184341 184341Z-11 - 2.d 112.7 33.7 2900 13.5 750 23.1 590100 1005 155.8 6400 0.65 0.95 5.7 0.12 767.4 1209 29.6 254 0.62 33.2
184341 184341Z-12 - 1.d 124 29.8 3900 16.5 650 41.7 590100 1994 477 3990 0.55 1.15 4.8 0.085 143.2 2215 6.9 271.2 54.8 6.96438 J.K. P ORTERAppendix D  Table 1 Page 50 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file
184341 184341M - 14.d
184341 184341M - 15.d
184341 184341M - 16.d
184341 184341M - 17.d
184341 184341M - 18.d
184341 184341M - 19.d
184341 184341M - 20.d
184341 184341M - 21.d
184341 184341M - 22.d
184341 184341M - 23.d
184341 184341M - 24.d
184341 184341M - 25.d
184341 184341M - 26.d
184341 184341M - 27.d
184341 184341M - 28.d
184341 184341M - 29.d
184341 184341M - 30.d
184341 184341M - 31.d
184341 184341M - 32.d
184341 184341Z-1 - 1.d
184341 184341Z-1 - 2.d
184341 184341Z-2 - 1.d
184341 184341Z-2 - 2.d
184341 184341Z-3 - 1.d
184341 184341Z-3 - 2.d
184341 184341Z-4 - 1.d
184341 184341Z-4 - 2.d
184341 184341Z-5 - 1.d
184341 184341Z-5 - 2.d
184341 184341Z-6 - 1.d
184341 184341Z-6 - 2.d
184341 184341Z-7 - 1.d
184341 184341Z-7 - 2.d
184341 184341Z-8 - 1.d
184341 184341Z-9 - 1.d
184341 184341Z-9 - 2.d
184341 184341Z-10 - 1.d
184341 184341Z-10 - 2.d
184341 184341Z-11 - 1.d
184341 184341Z-11 - 2.d
184341 184341Z-12 - 1.dTa W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Th U Group C Rocktype Rock Unit
46.1 166 2.35 80.3 8.72 0.83 0.111 83.7 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
8.62 30.7 6.6 8.19 4.87 5.36 1.36 7.48 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
15.47 178.7 3 112.7 12.16 0.019 0.00495 124.1 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
4090 4420 5.5 102.8 12.07 1.7 0.46 89.3 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
88.01 128.5 1.7 58.4 5.73 0.124 0.0358 74.15 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
66.87 353.8 1.2 125.7 13.12 0.0165 0.0034 149.1 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
24.68 40 1.35 25.74 2.42 0.017 0.0044 34.86 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
52.66 389 2.15 18.3 4.19 3.35 3.38 22.28 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
9.13 58.6 1.8 83.5 7.72 0.15 0.00125 111.4 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
569 289.2 2.75 103.8 9.99 0.139 0.128 127.9 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
1707 7158 2.65 190.8 20 0.023 0.00435 204.9 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
44.9 159.9 1.15 131.1 13.07 0.019 0.0024 149.8 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
747 270 1.9 73.7 7.48 1.12 0.103 96 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
64.19 154 23.1 122.2 32.4 29.7 1.38 329.3 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
7.87 95.9 9.7 15.1 10.2 10.6 0.109 8.43 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
10.5 306 3.8 40.3 9.6 7.4 2.12 42.5 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
144 833 8.4 108.3 18.9 11 1.85 94 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
25.1 156 11.9 20.2 12.07 12.26 2.13 7.39 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
1100 2150 2.15 110.1 12.33 0.92 0.015 114.6 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
295.3 69.9 13 57.8 6.5 0.19 0.0485 46.2 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
469 94.7 10 63.5 6.43 0.175 0.0455 46.77 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
468 996 9 203.4 21.9 0.185 0.034 138.1 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
739.9 3260 10.5 202.4 21.2 0.195 0.05 152.5 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
346.2 808 8.5 346 41.9 0.13 0.035 241.1 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
449.7 1427 12 335.1 40.6 0.175 0.0275 209.3 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
9.38 63.7 10 104.5 11.72 0.175 0.06 69.9 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
6.76 0.37 22.7 83.5 8.07 0.135 0.06 65.6 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
94.1 448.6 14.5 167.8 19.07 0.12 0.0455 116 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
34.91 128.1 14.5 244.7 26.6 0.175 0.06 158.4 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
57.8 115.9 37.2 295.1 32.5 0.23 0.0345 199 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
24.49 248.9 13.5 159.6 17.9 0.15 0.065 110.3 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
184.8 1071 31.6 163.4 18.8 0.185 0.0415 105.3 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
352.3 2819 15 321.8 37.3 0.12 0.0475 206.2 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
0.039 8.1 8 17.5 1.38 0.24 0.032 17.23 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
191.6 28 11.5 67 5.98 0.23 0.0435 53.9 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
445 95.9 16 44.4 4.57 0.185 0.047 37.72 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
12 90.5 9 127.1 12.8 0.145 0.0495 93.4 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
22.21 181.7 10.5 111 11.79 0.165 0.0435 77.3 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
24.11 316 14.5 345 38.7 0.19 0.07 231.9 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
26.34 322.4 7 348 39.1 0.165 0.055 233.3 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
150.8 40.5 8.5 34.7 3.31 0.15 0.065 34.33 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake MackayAppendix D J.K. P ORTER 439Appendix D  Table 1 Page 51 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file Mg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf
184341 184341Z-12 - 2.d 121.2 12 6000 15.5 950 35.3 588200 1865 557.8 3240 0.75 1.4 5.4 0.095 112.5 743 7.17 281.3 24.4 2.94
184341 184341Z-13 - 1.d 120.2 140 4300 21 550 35.8 592600 1491 777 3100 1 1.15 6.9 0.191 242.8 546 6.86 256 13.1 9.72
184341 184341Z-13 - 2.d 116.4 12 10600 18.5 750 200.1 589800 89.6 421 1900 0.43 1.3 6.1 0.151 0.69 15.94 0.15 9.7 0.245 0.235
184341 184341Z-13 - 3.d 140 1400 5500 21 1100 1186 592800 1200 170 13580 0.9 1.5 14.1 5.89 2.8 22.3 0.16 26.7 3.38 0.115
184341 184341Z-13 - 4.d 172 87 4450 22 850 281.1 589200 675 173 8300 0.85 3.7 12 2.14 5.09 21.56 0.5 2.89 0.19 0.335
184341 184341Z-13 - 5.d 131.2 118 3350 15 700 34.6 595200 1494 992 2577 0.8 1.1 6.4 0.145 252.2 807.3 8.3 266.3 30.8 10.33
184341 184341Z-14 - 1.d 125.6 9 5500 18 550 60.9 592800 2278 1546 3870 0.75 2.16 5.6 0.075 156.6 465.6 6.91 223 9.55 4
184341 184341Z-14 - 2.d 122.5 10 4250 17.5 800 50.4 592000 2269 1393 4530 0.51 1.96 6.1 0.145 149.4 275.8 5.8 233.8 16.2 4.42
184341 184341Z-15 - 1.d 123.9 193 3450 23 800 33.4 591800 1470 730 6220 0.8 2.3 5.7 0.07 536.8 4340 42.9 282 10 27
184341 184341Z-15 - 2.d 125.8 236 4800 32.5 650 35.9 598200 1502 692 5990 0.65 4.8 6.8 0.086 535.3 4590 36.1 345 27.4 29.6
184341 184341Z-16 - 1.d 137.8 106 4250 34 750 454 598200 1162 1776 7690 0.9 6.1 7.5 2.97 11.7 329.4 0.96 6.93 0.2 0.18
184342 184342Z - 1.d 257.1 158.3 34900 2.7 135 7.03 597500 480 673.7 3855 0.23 2.21 3.4 17.6 95.2 7407 1.99 308.3 1.59 5.98
184342 184342Z - 2.d 610 1767 174700 4.3 460 113.8 604100 940.2 919 1741 0.75 4.04 3.84 51.5 609.4 1493 12.24 34 3.71 21.25
184342 184342Z - 3.d 280.9 247.5 6240 2.8 105 20.35 603900 1947 4278 3061 0.19 3.99 3.7 28.56 1582 3730 37.3 847 13.24 46.75
184342 184342Z - 4.d 260.7 62.2 18540 6.3 115 13.15 603400 60.3 76.2 1705 0.23 1.97 3.42 0.477 62 1169 3.52 1.12 0.57 3.76
184342 184342Z - 5.d 256.9 2709 6100 4.3 105 108.1 602800 399 219.6 1957 0.21 1.78 3.76 1.17 3.24 3073 0.1 22.4 1.48 0.173
184342 184342Z - 6.d 280.8 166 7580 2.55 120 13.3 602900 99 53.6 257 0.115 2.25 2.62 1.7 120 2872 0.065 2.7 0.105 2.6
184342 184342Z - 7.d 276.5 859 8530 2.65 100 140.9 598800 1322 61.5 49290 0.125 1.67 3.63 0.066 659 82560 32 953 0.1 45.8
184342 184342Z - 8.d 337.1 2768 13300 13.6 1698 91.4 598100 518 750 15920 0.32 20.6 23.1 71.5 240.5 2184 6.59 164.8 85.1 5.57
184342 184342Z - 9.d 399 532 243000 3.85 190 15.64 597000 60.3 41.6 17970 1.37 3.93 13 0.88 17.87 1104 1.15 11.11 1.32 0.348
184342 184342Z - 10.d 299.5 62.3 6060 2.6 115 35.7 600600 26.6 40.2 2203 0.145 2.37 3.23 0.524 168.8 2042 4.6 2.09 1.13 11.81
184342 184342Z - 11.d 312.1 726 6310 6.9 232 34.4 600000 1266 4820 4930 0.37 10.2 5.3 32.68 1492 4393 39.8 700 77.8 43
184342 184342Z - 12.d 262.7 55.6 6470 4.8 105 39.8 596800 29.7 33.1 2579 0.2 1.93 3.43 0.417 157.1 1963 2.83 2.65 1.45 10.2
184342 184342Z - 13.d 314.7 114.4 6050 4.9 110 23.19 605200 54.6 26.5 5510 0.67 2.15 2.66 2.86 182.8 2110 6.11 4.59 1.33 10.51
184342 184342Z - 14.d 266.2 230 6900 2.55 90 336.6 597800 27.68 12.3 3509 0.09 2.9 3.68 7.45 473.7 4555 1.05 25.8 1.86 71.2
184342 184342Z - 15.d 267 211.9 6960 2.4 120 20.12 595800 1836 3608 2552 0.195 4.63 5.28 20.32 788.3 2454 25.28 478.4 9.08 25.37
184342 184342Z - 16.d 248.3 15 6270 4.4 105 120.1 600500 1479 910 2784 0.13 1.95 3.19 0.052 153.7 532.9 1.68 240.8 15.65 5.85
184342 184342Z - 17.d 252.2 29.8 6090 5.4 120 1.93 604800 24.5 44.3 2010 0.225 2.12 2.91 0.161 81.5 3693 0.157 0.6 0.085 5.4
184342 184342Z - 18.d 295.5 2410 13510 6.5 2180 40.5 607000 461.5 587 13580 0.31 27.6 21.1 92.8 194.4 1391 5.07 94.7 71.9 4.28
184342 184342Z - 19.d 260.2 10.9 6090 1.95 125 9.64 603400 22.2 25.6 2080 0.145 3.19 2.73 0.137 80.4 2449 0.74 0.54 0.099 6.73
184342 184342Z - 20.d 277.5 247.7 5950 5.5 115 25.76 602000 1976 4792 2631 0.18 4.5 3.97 28.02 1594 2418 22.9 576 13.07 43
184342 184342Z - 21.d 266.8 195.6 6200 3.9 115 42.2 600200 2019 5675 2466 0.155 6.34 3.96 14.9 939 4189 43.7 697 17.02 38.8
184342 184342Z - 22.d 264.8 507 6260 6.5 110 25.48 599000 1204 4434 5040 0.52 9.3 4.54 38.3 1784 4629 27.22 968 79.6 53.9
184342 184342Z - 23.d 255.8 244 5920 5.5 130 25.18 600600 2515 6228 2243 0.58 5.68 4.48 29.63 937 2926 33.2 1086 19.08 34.3
184342 184342Z - 24.d 262.6 169 28500 5.2 120 152.1 608600 640.3 248.4 3360 0.135 3.08 4.53 29.95 150.4 2855 1.92 56.5 15.92 9.63
184342 184342Z - 25.d 260.1 765 6990 5.7 95 32.26 602700 926.6 250.3 2280 0.23 2.9 5.79 9.19 113.4 6808 1.77 510.9 1.19 12.81
184342 184342Z - 26.d 280.6 290 6360 5 115 6.72 603000 430.6 549 6030 0.41 5.01 4.21 8.23 696 1992 23.8 295 1268 19.86
184342 184342Z - 27.d 316.2 57.9 5950 2.4 110 17.4 603700 38.4 57.1 2215 0.5 3.17 4.11 1.94 156.2 2093 2.95 2.1 1.33 11.33
184342 184342Z - 28.d 248.6 313.5 6160 1.95 80 80.4 602000 1331 1069 12990 0.88 2.57 5.63 0.116 555.6 21030 29.6 2207 0.32 34.06
184342 184342Z - 29.d 265.7 325.7 8630 2.55 130 82.9 605700 1303 1055 12560 0.31 1.65 3.19 0.077 579.2 21150 28.8 2167 0.19 38.9
184342 184342Z - 30.d 282.4 632 9950 2.35 1415 110.3 600100 25.7 24.8 6000 0.17 2.35 6.6 122.3 31 12000 1.28 239 10.78 2.09440 J.K. P ORTERAppendix D  Table 1 Page 52 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file
184341 184341Z-12 - 2.d
184341 184341Z-13 - 1.d
184341 184341Z-13 - 2.d
184341 184341Z-13 - 3.d
184341 184341Z-13 - 4.d
184341 184341Z-13 - 5.d
184341 184341Z-14 - 1.d
184341 184341Z-14 - 2.d
184341 184341Z-15 - 1.d
184341 184341Z-15 - 2.d
184341 184341Z-16 - 1.d
184342 184342Z - 1.d
184342 184342Z - 2.d
184342 184342Z - 3.d
184342 184342Z - 4.d
184342 184342Z - 5.d
184342 184342Z - 6.d
184342 184342Z - 7.d
184342 184342Z - 8.d
184342 184342Z - 9.d
184342 184342Z - 10.d
184342 184342Z - 11.d
184342 184342Z - 12.d
184342 184342Z - 13.d
184342 184342Z - 14.d
184342 184342Z - 15.d
184342 184342Z - 16.d
184342 184342Z - 17.d
184342 184342Z - 18.d
184342 184342Z - 19.d
184342 184342Z - 20.d
184342 184342Z - 21.d
184342 184342Z - 22.d
184342 184342Z - 23.d
184342 184342Z - 24.d
184342 184342Z - 25.d
184342 184342Z - 26.d
184342 184342Z - 27.d
184342 184342Z - 28.d
184342 184342Z - 29.d
184342 184342Z - 30.dTa W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Th U Group C Rocktype Rock Unit
0.47 9.03 8 37.1 3.49 0.245 0.047 35.36 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
82.9 17.8 11 47.9 3.71 0.125 0.0465 44.29 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
1.1 5.09 14 1.98 0.5 0.8 0.07 0.75 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
1.6 3.85 13 21.7 16.8 16.6 0.042 5.43 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
2.8 1.86 15.5 70.3 9 5.07 0.06 147 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
32 3.88 9 42.2 3.83 0.18 0.0335 42.7 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
10.47 14.3 12.5 94.9 9.91 0.14 0.047 72.5 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
1.66 19.5 12.5 73 6.49 0.175 0.0475 61.1 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
264.7 617 14.5 128 11.81 0.215 0.05 121 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
370.8 932 16.5 108.6 10.67 0.22 0.0395 71.8 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
18.42 101 19.5 22.6 18 19.1 0.34 3.53 4 quartzite Aileron Province, Arunta Orogen, Lake Mackay
515.2 455 3 20.35 5.55 8.71 35.16 14.07 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
93.4 53.8 11.4 21.22 21 21.21 16.83 2.44 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
136.4 1319 3.7 28.87 8.95 19.78 120.3 17.23 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
101.4 291 2.9 3.26 0.479 0.78 6.33 2.149 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
220.3 98.7 3.1 2.47 2.69 2.49 0.158 0.119 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
226.8 12.17 2.2 3.7 0.75 0.56 1.4 1.03 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
23230 11890 2.85 143 13.55 0.0435 0.052 164.9 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
265.1 1867 206 374.7 271.7 328.7 662.4 43.44 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
138.1 48.4 4.75 5.97 3.02 3.51 3.13 2.67 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
123.3 183.9 2.75 3.55 1.48 2.022 5.75 2.42 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
140.6 2040 6.9 55.7 13.04 38.1 279.5 47.44 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
141.4 68.2 2.75 3.7 1.1 1.85 7.07 3.353 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
183.6 70.3 3.1 11.09 1.72 6.25 58.7 15.54 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
252.6 88.2 3.35 7.27 3.55 3.76 5.99 4.97 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
77.6 821 2.6 21.18 7.75 15.46 94 11.93 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
65.2 18.96 2.3 25.74 3.03 0.0325 0.00425 22.97 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
154 76.1 3.35 1.72 0.367 0.474 1.325 2.05 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
145.3 1577 174 330.2 237.9 300.1 710.2 45.77 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
128.5 56.7 2.7 0.55 0.07 0.137 1.42 1.05 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
76.09 1241 8.8 34.2 11.14 20.71 119.1 21.78 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
137.3 1423 2.4 26.96 7.76 14.98 72.21 15.23 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
196.7 2295 9.1 47.9 14.04 50.8 452.3 35.68 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
103.8 1815 8.3 37.93 12.51 24.07 129.9 23.53 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
155 320.5 21.2 32.7 30.91 31.17 29.2 3.8 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
209.9 927 3.05 8.94 4.86 11.6 47.36 2.44 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
115.8 240.5 2.75 11.86 7.55 14.52 56.3 3.98 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
125.2 47.1 2.85 14.92 8.43 10.42 30.5 5.56 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
1669 5334 2.8 110.5 13.04 0.0385 0.0124 96.4 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
1721 5740 4.4 105.1 12.54 0.06 0.0085 99.19 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
2035 2454 81.7 146.8 109.2 100.3 6.45 62.6 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu SandstoneAppendix D J.K. P ORTER 441Appendix D  Table 1 Page 53 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file Mg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf
184342 184342Z - 31.d 263.4 33.8 7570 1.9 130 77.8 599500 2200 695.5 778 0.135 2.08 2.53 0.928 98.32 1609 0.027 299.7 2.63 6.93
184342 184342Z - 32.d 306.3 638 7660 3.7 372 144.7 598200 310.4 325 2187 0.33 2.97 3.96 3.64 1133 954 0.055 12.37 5.29 34.9
184342 184342Z - 33.d 274.2 93.6 6540 2.35 105 16.33 603800 676.8 347 8380 0.17 2.6 3.58 1.64 77.5 2235 472.5 171.7 43 6.81
184342 184342Z - 34.d 254.7 26 6200 3.1 105 157.2 604000 1449 1024 3369 0.21 2.19 3.82 0.067 173.5 662.1 2.33 276 20.88 7.2
184342 184342Z - 35.d 264.1 2260 9670 2 120 41.89 606100 1130 228.6 3370 0.62 4.09 5.08 24.72 76.82 2424 0.98 618 1 5.06
184342 184342Z - 36.d 257 429 6600 1.55 90 80.7 598200 1564 1259 7057 0.215 2.33 3.24 1.79 337.4 18650 6.19 234.6 1.14 22.6
184342 184342Z - 37.d 255.7 59.2 5730 2.05 100 158.1 609000 1348 3376 1066 0.54 2.23 3.52 0.293 122.61 4649 0.52 1568 1.43 5.22
184342 184342Z - 38.d 317.7 476.7 6550 5.3 130 35.1 601800 3321 6189 3998 0.39 6.96 4.87 38.36 3897 2567 26.89 1124 16.09 85.8
184342 184342Z - 39.d 251.9 14.1 5710 2.3 110 14.83 605600 24.5 70 1799 0.21 2.29 3.05 0.113 97.8 2019 1.45 0.59 0.196 8.65
184342 184342Z - 40.d 321.5 41 5190 3.63 100 20.65 601100 30.2 22.2 1335 0.22 2.59 3.89 0.598 212.1 1194 2.78 0.72 1.28 14.23
184342 184342Z - 41.d 337.2 1590 112500 2.65 125 17.68 605100 148.3 38.5 748 0.27 4.57 2.95 0.409 51.7 1931 0.92 3.21 1.44 2.02
184342 184342Z - 42.d 1000 740 6680 1.8 105 54.7 602300 1196 103 1880 0.75 1.84 8.79 1.54 288.2 411.7 0.59 155.2 3.74 14.97
184342 184342Z - 43.d 447 149.1 6310 1.95 411 82.6 597800 101.6 81.6 4253 1.65 3.72 5.72 2.06 139 2251 8.09 2.43 0.71 8.24
184342 184342Z - 44.d 261.6 194 13000 1.6 95 15.02 596800 16.16 165.1 1686 0.21 2.31 2.81 5.82 390 1714 0.63 1.36 0.69 18.01
184342 184342Z - 45.d 311.9 2420 10840 1.9 494 237.4 604900 441.6 336 1792 0.58 3.8 4.1 44.8 1518 2054 4.34 40.8 23.8 49.4
184342 184342Z - 46.d 281.1 269.7 6710 1.85 105 20.09 606700 2030 4734 3958 0.44 7.4 5.48 25.75 1026.3 3149 35.5 904 17.46 31.44
184342 184342Z - 47.d 404 567 8940 6.1 470 8.02 609100 23.93 22.9 1520 0.41 2.82 3.34 202 18.3 1225 0.29 3.28 1.63 0.462
184342 184342Z - 48.d 282.2 18 6730 2 100 21.16 604800 24.1 21.8 1402 0.165 2.6 3.24 0.134 341 1988 3.18 0.4 0.132 20.19
184342 184342Z - 49.d 257.1 66.3 6670 1.9 120 25.24 599700 67.4 51.6 2979 0.42 2.21 3.86 3.93 76.9 2115 1.32 10.8 1.24 6.85
184342 184342Z - 50.d 255.6 8.3 7400 4.9 100 7.77 600500 9.81 14.6 826 0.16 3.2 3.54 0.187 100.6 2487 0.58 0.61 0.085 5.75
184342 184342Z - 51.d 294.6 940 8930 2.4 1458 10.68 601200 52.2 42 2400 0.24 2.66 3.98 79.7 7.72 4577 3.18 9.07 2.48 0.263
184342 184342Z - 52.d 273 110.5 8810 2.85 105 96.9 601500 334.7 84.9 9170 0.195 1.96 3.01 22.7 524.3 12020 0.46 968 1.48 50
184342 184342Z - 53.d 268.9 65.7 6950 2.45 90 196.8 599700 77.6 3 2139 0.155 1.8 2.96 0.164 64.55 4248 0.06 87.2 0.085 4.93
184342 184342Z - 54.d 425 312 7040 4.8 105 147.1 599400 527.9 240.8 2437 0.17 1.93 2.84 0.142 18.09 3559 0.0255 1011 0.8 1.9
184342 184342Z - 55.d 305.8 1130 9290 3.9 345 271 598700 938 572 1543 0.13 3.22 3.51 57.3 431.8 1824 0.95 105.5 12.05 25.46
184342 184342Z - 56.d 262.3 55.8 6300 1.95 90 105.8 603100 1096 599 905 0.215 2.43 7.36 0.612 47.8 1877 0.262 177 0.213 3.97
184342 184342Z - 57.d 329.7 601 8250 5.2 764 26.87 600100 408.5 2.9 3802 0.195 2.18 8.08 128.3 1.74 2961 0.0255 96.2 1.03 0.207
184342 184342Z - 58.d 299.7 818 8640 3.85 220 45.9 603600 815.8 1001 3655 0.275 3.21 6.84 131 1400 3236 58.1 1160 1985 45.7
184342 184342Z - 59.d 257 74.7 7100 4.2 120 78.4 604100 64.2 46.1 4186 0.205 1.97 3.11 0.873 308.3 3134 1.96 7.33 5.94 23.54
184342 184342Z - 60.d 262.8 327 8210 5.6 115 341.9 599900 151 206 7830 0.235 2.53 8.7 9.14 165.1 6856 0.192 91.8 9.81 20.09
184342 184342Z - 61.d 287.5 243 6820 2.5 90 19.56 603200 2304 4584 3099 0.19 7.76 3.86 27.8 1322 2642 32.8 625 8.8 37.59
184342 184342Z - 62.d 255.9 295.8 6070 1.85 125 75.3 604500 868.6 566 4993 0.165 1.91 2.96 0.077 381.8 1786 17.38 864 0.41 17.01
184342 184342Z - 63.d 256.2 601 6420 2.2 100 175 602400 909 142.9 2020 0.3 1.81 5.29 3.24 106.4 6960 1.42 884 0.055 11.86
184342 184342Z - 64.d 299.8 462 7440 4.1 100 10.07 609100 2936 6130 2310 0.5 6.99 5.1 29.93 299 2637 16.13 936 20.54 9.74
184342 184342Z - 65.d 287.5 273.2 7350 2.5 75 27.04 599500 2653 5919 2849 0.2 7.5 5.76 32.19 1008.3 3028 44.3 763 16.44 30.68
184342 184342Z - 66.d 259.5 53 5970 5.9 100 4.92 598800 25 15 681 0.145 2.23 2.98 0.714 71.6 2041 2.16 0.42 0.52 5.01
184342 184342Z - 67.d 369.4 185.2 6260 2.25 105 60.8 604100 53.9 55.1 3825 1.86 2.64 4.25 5.14 159.6 2192 6.74 2.68 3.27 8.44
184342 184342Z - 68.d 290.3 620 7940 1.9 869 78.2 602300 114.2 24 1038 0.14 2.07 3.45 73.8 3.9 1516 0.06 6.01 1.26 0.154
184342 184342Z - 69.d 259.1 41.1 6120 3.4 125 18.43 600800 1191.6 42 3084 0.13 2.38 3.29 0.119 852 225.8 61.4 154.9 5.27 42.5
184342 184342Z - 70.d 280.5 678 6450 5.8 120 124.5 594600 592.3 552.9 5999 0.39 6.19 5.51 32.9 668 2522 6.28 256.4 98.2 27.57
184342 184342Z - 71.d 304.1 129.9 7140 4.9 110 16.38 603400 47.92 51.9 2623 0.55 2.53 3.68 1.61 354.1 2180 5.99 1.03 1.96 19.13442 J.K. P ORTERAppendix D  Table 1 Page 54 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file
184342 184342Z - 31.d
184342 184342Z - 32.d
184342 184342Z - 33.d
184342 184342Z - 34.d
184342 184342Z - 35.d
184342 184342Z - 36.d
184342 184342Z - 37.d
184342 184342Z - 38.d
184342 184342Z - 39.d
184342 184342Z - 40.d
184342 184342Z - 41.d
184342 184342Z - 42.d
184342 184342Z - 43.d
184342 184342Z - 44.d
184342 184342Z - 45.d
184342 184342Z - 46.d
184342 184342Z - 47.d
184342 184342Z - 48.d
184342 184342Z - 49.d
184342 184342Z - 50.d
184342 184342Z - 51.d
184342 184342Z - 52.d
184342 184342Z - 53.d
184342 184342Z - 54.d
184342 184342Z - 55.d
184342 184342Z - 56.d
184342 184342Z - 57.d
184342 184342Z - 58.d
184342 184342Z - 59.d
184342 184342Z - 60.d
184342 184342Z - 61.d
184342 184342Z - 62.d
184342 184342Z - 63.d
184342 184342Z - 64.d
184342 184342Z - 65.d
184342 184342Z - 66.d
184342 184342Z - 67.d
184342 184342Z - 68.d
184342 184342Z - 69.d
184342 184342Z - 70.d
184342 184342Z - 71.dTa W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Th U Group C Rocktype Rock Unit
116.7 39 1.9 6.13 0.95 1.479 7.85 5.11 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
108.7 66.9 7.3 7.78 7.11 6.91 2.53 0.862 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
187 208.6 2.85 1.654 0.483 1.623 9.76 0.55 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
103.1 46 2.55 36.56 4.36 0.0345 0.0458 33.21 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
122.6 623 2.5 20.14 4.62 5.1 16.55 13.89 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
1517 1065 2.7 17.77 2.47 1.21 7.44 14.35 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
143.7 31.81 2.6 13.4 1.72 0.707 3 11.41 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
76.99 1782 9.9 38.3 12.11 25.07 153.9 28.51 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
95.1 69.2 3.2 0.85 0.142 0.237 0.545 0.683 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
49.1 94.6 3.25 3.96 1.62 1.99 7.87 3.98 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
166.9 68.9 5.5 5.83 1.63 2.03 5.58 4.87 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
17.85 53.6 2.9 18.93 2.85 1.66 7.09 16.17 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
124.4 167.4 3.3 12.9 3.62 6.63 39.7 14.4 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
83.2 68.5 4.7 10.87 5.6 5.97 5.84 5.65 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
108.7 392 18.7 36.6 23.96 25.86 49.7 13.12 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
123.6 1334 6.5 24.95 8.27 16.81 104.4 16.75 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
151.1 967 4.3 187 28.6 20.7 72 137 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
135.7 85.4 2.9 0.811 0.123 0.273 1.98 1.06 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
171.5 135.2 2.8 3 1.87 2.81 10.39 1.128 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
190.9 26.9 2.25 5.93 0.96 1.26 2.278 2.61 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
258.6 2842 2.55 7.19 3.68 3.97 3.04 4.63 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
1990 4045 2.9 38.6 5.43 1.91 0.821 42.9 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
185.4 27.99 3.1 1.9 1.16 0.997 0.0329 0.635 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
327.5 79.7 3.25 0.404 0.055 0.0395 0.231 0.279 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
109.9 734 11.9 18.98 13.04 16.93 30.32 4.82 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
105.5 74.7 2.15 6.51 3.44 3.56 1.81 2.718 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
251.1 2450 3.5 6.8 4.66 4.22 1.343 2.43 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
95.4 2036 5.5 40.2 12.24 16.58 91.1 29.5 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
141.6 21.09 2.3 0.62 0.289 0.243 0.0255 0.475 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
319.7 533 11.9 15.12 15.37 16.48 19.8 0.733 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
102.2 1357 6.8 26.21 8.72 15.87 85.9 18.42 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
121 5992 2.45 39.3 4.6 0.041 0.00365 35.7 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
214.9 751 2.55 4.39 1.54 3.13 12.06 2.83 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
74.9 1802 14.6 36 15.55 28.2 124.8 20.87 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
121.8 1766 10.1 44.28 14.48 26.73 130.8 29.35 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
104.6 47.7 2.95 8.72 3.35 4.13 7.7 6.11 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
146.4 106.9 17.8 26.17 15.65 24.2 110.3 16.57 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
171.9 326.8 3.35 5.17 3.89 4.56 5.68 1.896 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
9.22 112.8 5.5 92.3 8.82 0.147 1.18 105.9 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
129.8 1527 279 405 321.2 342.9 375.1 127.3 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
156 182.2 2.4 7.93 4.33 5.66 20.79 5.74 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu SandstoneAppendix D J.K. P ORTER 443Appendix D  Table 1 Page 55 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file Mg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf
184342 184342Z - 72.d 321 105.8 6900 2.05 110 16.11 606500 42.1 60.9 2019 0.39 3.18 3.77 0.963 83.6 1069 6.24 2.04 2.18 4.88
184342 184342Z - 73.d 258.3 134 7120 5.8 100 26.51 603400 58 26.4 2760 0.5 2.53 4.83 4.88 1.043 1910 0.05 307 0.479 0.017
184342 184342Z - 74.d 256.7 5.7 6580 1.9 105 6.5 602800 4.89 3.3 198 0.1 1.93 3.34 0.199 3.89 478 0.05 1.48 0.08 0.071
184342 184342Z - 75.d 262.6 70.5 7320 4.7 120 7.57 597600 14.82 111.2 1687 0.145 2.11 3.21 0.203 171 1593 0.72 0.8 0.454 9.23
184342 184342Z - 76.d 266.6 751 7140 7 135 24.15 604200 35.14 47.3 2898 0.14 3.44 3.15 1.4 104.6 2613 4.4 0.8 1.09 7.44
184342 184342Z - 77.d 261.5 51.4 6290 2.2 90 329.9 607800 2305 1208 3580 0.21 2.97 22.9 4.47 192.2 2313 0.113 108.7 0.392 8.42
184342 184342Z - 78.d 262.2 11.6 6230 3.9 105 4.05 601900 20.58 8.6 1652 0.185 1.75 3.18 0.081 125.9 2900 0.4 0.54 0.055 5.46
184342 184342Z - 79.d 259.9 164.5 6300 2.35 120 92.1 604800 773.8 828 936 0.42 3.38 6.23 12.08 40.44 936 0.065 203.1 2.22 2.61
184342 184342Z - 80.d 261.9 210.7 6080 2.45 95 30.01 603600 2074 5279 1871 0.175 6.34 4.41 19.17 1937 2714 19.92 770 15.39 61
184342 184342Z - 81.d 259.4 65.3 6280 4.6 100 33.5 600400 55 58.9 2118 0.185 3.53 3.68 6.47 119.1 1930 1.75 10.9 0.98 6.98
184342 184342Z - 82.d 262.8 60.5 6320 5.8 110 106.7 606300 1101 573.8 3730 0.14 2.21 6.36 3.08 93.5 1417 1.45 387.5 3.8 8.82
184342 184342Z - 83.d 283.3 1478 24600 8.1 1366 13.8 600600 1206 2480 9010 0.87 8.15 14.6 33.31 76.26 2959 7.01 607 60.3 3.18
184342 184342Z - 84.d 376 1146 14200 7.2 495 170.6 600900 2340 846 1524 0.38 4 5.34 114.1 675 1617 5.62 141.8 44.6 24.85
184342 184342Z - 85.d 386.2 138.9 6720 2.75 140 42.7 604100 53.3 56.4 2583 0.8 3.19 3.49 2.65 164.9 2034 5.64 1.85 2.15 9.14
184342 184342Z - 86.d 330.6 253 7140 2.35 319 22.92 602300 42.7 61.1 2307 0.13 4.5 4.32 2.43 258 2249 4.21 3.7 1.96 9.67
184342 184342Z - 87.d 298.8 59 7670 5.5 85 29.9 602800 69.4 65.5 3487 0.47 2.5 3.42 0.658 148.3 1944 3.91 2.95 0.427 8.45
184342 184342Z - 88.d 280.9 1170 10550 5.8 95 5.99 604400 19.78 25.2 1450 0.0435 1.97 3.34 4.4 2.94 1426 0.055 5.11 0.407 0.068
184342 184342Z - 89.d 291.6 693 8480 6.9 277 76.4 605900 1457 4880 4600 0.43 12.05 5.86 68.7 1836 2561 28.6 496 52.7 55.8
184342 184342Z - 90.d 277.8 303.8 7290 2.1 105 11.67 602700 521.7 137.6 3222 0.17 4.66 13.5 19.77 297 4940 34.9 311.3 9.58 11.9
185415 185415Z - 1.d 278.8 73.6 6520 3.35 381 64.2 601500 190.3 5.46 10580 0.13 1.98 3.69 64.9 975 15000 5.43 61.3 13.95 61.2
185415 185415Z - 2.d 294.9 52.8 8280 1.45 439 77.8 597800 170.5 5 8980 0.17 2.25 5.94 70.5 4230 12560 5.14 22.69 9.37 167.6
185415 185415Z - 3.d 367 4360 55500 6.7 77400 132.7 603500 438.6 23.9 24060 0.48 15.6 10.4 552 830 40720 18 115.1 41.2 34.7
185415 185415Z - 5.d 381 1840 12500 2.8 2620 51.1 602900 211 4.5 8550 0.21 2.2 8.16 132 853 10178 9.33 309.6 19.89 33.2
185415 185415Z - 6.d 284.4 386 10330 1.25 8200 66.8 597600 221.8 4.7 12680 0.18 2.12 5.94 202 460 14500 9.81 73.2 21.88 32
185415 185415Z - 7.d 272.4 54.3 5930 2.85 135 32.92 598400 167.4 5.3 6730 0.19 2.45 3.59 33.1 737 6910 10.52 27.2 18.84 31.3
185415 185415Z - 8.d 293.5 2180 15400 1.35 105 132.1 601900 204.9 3.9 9650 0.26 2.08 3.85 383 2870 13090 7.5 318.8 15.53 122.5
185415 185415Z - 9.d 321 21500 96300 6.7 39600 204.1 601500 273.6 36 15810 0.38 4.85 8.9 14100 404 45800 14.7 330 20.6 18.6
185415 185415Z - 10.d 295.5 348 12160 4.8 1600 51 604800 208.5 11.7 9230 0.081 2.99 6.9 248 7980 10910 22.6 95.7 33.7 198
185415 185415Z - 11.d 267.8 22.8 7380 2.65 95 61.1 601300 141.5 5.1 7730 0.09 2.85 4.08 101 3070 9460 4.23 7.7 3.41 125.9
185415 185415Z - 12.d 284.6 225 7870 4.1 1930 65.2 604900 250.3 7.7 14650 0.32 1.94 65 65 227.3 16520 13.55 78.3 15.5 15.53
185415 185415Z - 13.d 279 1410 26000 4.2 32600 69.7 599900 181.6 16.7 9230 0.26 2.48 3.88 180 1860 10410 11.3 53.4 11.68 82.6
185415 185415Z - 14.d 344 810 15900 2.91 7160 68.2 601900 211.9 4.5 10320 0.21 2.14 4.71 304 15900 13550 11.15 538 10.68 330
185415 185415Z - 15.d 287.1 222 9030 1.15 1530 51.4 600000 176.3 1.4 15530 0.2 6.5 30.4 134 10100 7800 7.54 91.9 14.17 236
185415 185415Z - 16.d 278.7 93 8580 1.93 590 68.5 595600 275.4 295 12560 75 2.57 3.56 69.2 3710 17630 19.6 278 24.4 103
185415 185415Z - 17.d 350 135 6970 2.89 470 42.5 608000 193.4 485 11700 120 9.8 16.6 41.4 640 8176 7.15 303.4 10.56 26.2
185415 185415Z - 18.d 282.5 57.2 6740 3.48 380 37.2 602500 162.6 435 7430 100 2.4 3.39 25.2 584 8000 14.32 130.6 17.82 32.15
185415 185415Z - 19.d 386.2 3850 54600 9.4 67500 101.2 596100 325.6 800 13310 145 12.5 8.8 1906 1900 12050 11 2068 64.5 60
185415 185415Z - 20.d 287.2 72.4 6180 2.67 95 51.1 598700 165.9 500 10210 190 3.06 17.8 23.6 1890 10713 7.59 49.5 12.62 92.1
194714 194714S - 1.d 151.9 122 740 0.55 55 1.04 602900 2969 2066 666 0.165 1.68 12.26 0.085 314 393 11.51 47.5 2.78 8.78
194714 194714S - 2.d 152.5 52.6 950 2.34 40 1.07 603800 2511 245.2 816 0.09 1.8 12.2 0.091 770 430 20.87 80.1 1.91 22.72
194714 194714S - 3.d 154.1 25.6 450 1.67 50 1.92 603600 4154 569.3 461 0.11 1.05 4.39 0.132 578 30.98 6.63 44.9 1.94 15.48444 J.K. P ORTERAppendix D  Table 1 Page 56 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file
184342 184342Z - 72.d
184342 184342Z - 73.d
184342 184342Z - 74.d
184342 184342Z - 75.d
184342 184342Z - 76.d
184342 184342Z - 77.d
184342 184342Z - 78.d
184342 184342Z - 79.d
184342 184342Z - 80.d
184342 184342Z - 81.d
184342 184342Z - 82.d
184342 184342Z - 83.d
184342 184342Z - 84.d
184342 184342Z - 85.d
184342 184342Z - 86.d
184342 184342Z - 87.d
184342 184342Z - 88.d
184342 184342Z - 89.d
184342 184342Z - 90.d
185415 185415Z - 1.d
185415 185415Z - 2.d
185415 185415Z - 3.d
185415 185415Z - 5.d
185415 185415Z - 6.d
185415 185415Z - 7.d
185415 185415Z - 8.d
185415 185415Z - 9.d
185415 185415Z - 10.d
185415 185415Z - 11.d
185415 185415Z - 12.d
185415 185415Z - 13.d
185415 185415Z - 14.d
185415 185415Z - 15.d
185415 185415Z - 16.d
185415 185415Z - 17.d
185415 185415Z - 18.d
185415 185415Z - 19.d
185415 185415Z - 20.d
194714 194714S - 1.d
194714 194714S - 2.d
194714 194714S - 3.dTa W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Th U Group C Rocktype Rock Unit
39.71 183 3.3 9.38 3.23 4.89 18.01 6.44 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
267 632 9.2 11.46 10.08 9.55 0.911 2.53 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
15.85 6.55 2.95 0.646 0.227 0.26 0.495 0.645 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
67.3 56.3 2.8 2.8 0.774 0.935 1.468 2.569 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
158.5 168.2 33.9 37.1 37.3 36.5 7.93 1.48 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
172.8 1484 3.15 4.69 1.19 1.38 5.26 3.27 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
163.9 46.7 2.4 0.554 0.07 0.066 0.331 0.967 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
78.2 34.4 3.4 7.99 3.17 4.58 15.28 4.32 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
115.2 1123 3.75 27.57 8.84 17.34 97 16.71 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
152.2 101.3 2.65 4.41 1.21 2.14 8.38 3.12 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
73.9 361.5 2.85 9.25 2.19 1.86 5.84 7.44 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
161.4 1390 41 68.2 43.2 78.6 452.5 14.76 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
97.7 470 19.1 24.05 21.87 23.88 27.45 4.331 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
163.5 121.6 3.65 14.17 7.59 11.66 49.5 10.23 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
154.1 84.7 3.2 17.33 5.66 7.74 25.94 12.78 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
146.3 165.3 3.5 3.81 0.832 1.684 9.52 3.94 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
129.1 3.47 2.7 5.1 4.24 3.97 1.128 1.305 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
116.7 1492 26.7 76.1 30.15 66.6 406.5 38.05 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
321.9 922 95 97.8 95.1 92.7 46.26 16.25 4 sandstone Murraba  Basin, Redcliff Pound Group, Munyu Sandstone
750 1917 13.7 20.15 17.09 16.92 14.68 10.04 4 felsic volcaniclastic Musgrave Province, Bentley Basin, Kaarnka Group
459.2 138.1 20.6 29.1 22.9 27.7 55.6 13.81 4 felsic volcaniclastic Musgrave Province, Bentley Basin, Kaarnka Group
797 757 23.1 36.9 25.1 31 113 37.2 4 felsic volcaniclastic Musgrave Province, Bentley Basin, Kaarnka Group
435.2 205.9 12.2 22.55 17.06 16.44 12.2 20.9 4 felsic volcaniclastic Musgrave Province, Bentley Basin, Kaarnka Group
1011 5440 17.1 23.75 20.73 20.06 3.15 8.51 4 felsic volcaniclastic Musgrave Province, Bentley Basin, Kaarnka Group
248.1 399 8.3 12.69 10.22 10.62 8.07 6.13 4 felsic volcaniclastic Musgrave Province, Bentley Basin, Kaarnka Group
828 356 4.25 17.05 13.03 13.14 10.3 10.18 4 felsic volcaniclastic Musgrave Province, Bentley Basin, Kaarnka Group
1555 1207 41.9 49.2 37.1 48.8 331 298 4 felsic volcaniclastic Musgrave Province, Bentley Basin, Kaarnka Group
363.1 1592 15.2 27.2 13.7 16.1 960 40.4 4 felsic volcaniclastic Musgrave Province, Bentley Basin, Kaarnka Group
141.3 75.2 8.8 11.07 7.87 10.15 20 6.15 4 felsic volcaniclastic Musgrave Province, Bentley Basin, Kaarnka Group
1643 115.9 11.3 14.24 12.91 12.8 3.86 5.57 4 felsic volcaniclastic Musgrave Province, Bentley Basin, Kaarnka Group
404 203.6 17.3 20.04 15.4 14.74 11.2 12.64 4 felsic volcaniclastic Musgrave Province, Bentley Basin, Kaarnka Group
559.5 237.1 24.8 32.2 26 25.48 16.3 12.6 4 felsic volcaniclastic Musgrave Province, Bentley Basin, Kaarnka Group
203.8 1577 20.5 27.8 20 20.3 33.1 28.2 4 felsic volcaniclastic Musgrave Province, Bentley Basin, Kaarnka Group
585 4000 11.8 19.59 15.68 16.38 20.7 9.01 4 felsic volcaniclastic Musgrave Province, Bentley Basin, Kaarnka Group
347.2 305 8.3 12.91 10.02 11.87 47.4 5.53 4 felsic volcaniclastic Musgrave Province, Bentley Basin, Kaarnka Group
289.2 288 13.9 14.4 12.53 12.97 9 5.34 4 felsic volcaniclastic Musgrave Province, Bentley Basin, Kaarnka Group
442.8 2937 18.7 24.4 18.47 21.28 91.8 12.18 4 felsic volcaniclastic Musgrave Province, Bentley Basin, Kaarnka Group
173.6 246.1 17.4 30.2 20.35 18.92 11.5 21.3 4 felsic volcaniclastic Musgrave Province, Bentley Basin, Kaarnka Group
21.07 4.94 2.5 0.978 0.092 0.0235 0.004 1.348 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
8.15 1.92 1.1 2.48 0.231 0.039 0.0033 3.233 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
0.616 0.196 2.25 0.384 0.0235 0.019 0.022 0.609 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana HillAppendix D J.K. P ORTER 445Appendix D  Table 1 Page 57 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file Mg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf
194714 194714S - 4.d 147.8 19.94 710 2.45 39 0.44 604000 1186 226.1 1555 0.09 1.44 5.08 0.087 333.8 2244 27 63.1 2.36 13.28
194714 194714S - 5.d 149.7 32.7 560 1.86 46 1.42 601600 4890 1067 1230 0.28 1.8 13.58 0.079 839 690 17.12 83.9 1.9 22.06
194714 194714S - 6.d 150.4 27.38 460 2.41 37.5 2.87 602000 3509 1238 281 0.15 1.26 5.94 0.108 555.8 1184 32.7 67.1 2.96 17.24
194714 194714S - 7.d 262 277 990 2.17 29.5 2.17 607500 1527 213.1 1984 3.04 2.6 16.4 4.44 248.6 432 27.07 70 2.09 5.13
194714 194714S - 8.d 148.5 52.2 530 1.53 45.5 1.72 611100 2609 2929 583 0.16 1.34 4.3 0.072 618.1 793 18.86 94 5.15 17.18
194714 194714S - 9.d 153.9 97 670 1.66 55 1.97 606300 3183 550.5 592 0.19 2.15 8.4 0.105 475.2 1093.5 30.1 54 1.56 16.79
194714 194714S - 10.d 150.4 26.3 570 1.64 38 4.33 606700 1736 233.8 860 0.58 1.97 4 0.235 351.4 1186.8 42 79.8 110.7 13.58
194714 194714S - 11.d 149.8 83 4400 2.49 48.5 24.8 601100 6585 1800 1030 0.105 1.7 6.12 14.8 20500 1697 19.09 98.8 75.6 352
194714 194714S - 12.d 299 152 680 2.74 55 2.44 604700 974 228.3 1242 2.98 2.91 14.5 0.088 480.4 1117 22.71 106.4 2.14 18.28
194714 194714S - 13.d 159.7 90.7 700 2.74 30.5 0.84 601300 2833 770.3 727 1.29 2.17 5 0.153 593.2 867 13.18 66 1.97 20.18
194714 194714S - 14.d 141 21.47 760 1.64 35.5 2.9 601900 6517 840 327 0.105 1.34 6.06 0.107 197.4 608 20.78 74.1 10.04 5.02
194714 194714S - 15.d 178.1 152.4 720 1.96 39.5 1.74 603900 3190 2358 689 4.22 2.15 12.08 0.141 324.4 993.4 17.84 77.7 2.02 11.81
194714 194714S - 16.d 223.9 345 800 2.08 41 1.79 603600 3199 291.3 1190 0.73 1.26 4.93 0.397 166.9 60.19 6.76 86.2 2.88 4.68
194714 194714S - 17.d 730 580 2440 2.62 34.5 4.88 601300 933 288.4 2430 9.8 1.5 23.6 0.164 357 3223 86.1 101.2 8.66 16.05
194714 194714S - 18.d 169.4 190 1390 0.8 55 1.26 598300 6250 1583 5220 5.92 6.89 8.8 0.555 593 1037 25.3 98.6 1.8 14.96
194714 194714S - 19.d 141.4 51.5 710 1.92 45.5 2.45 601700 1387 309.7 673 0.12 2.68 13.6 0.094 395.4 167 31.6 58.8 1.99 12.51
194714 194714S - 20.d 141.3 36.85 480 1.85 43 1.87 605000 2511 427.2 747 0.134 1.26 3.19 0.081 417.8 610 31.4 73.4 3.09 16.93
194714 194714S - 21.d 166.8 114 1250 0.9 48.5 2.07 600900 1537 353.7 1830 5.8 6.45 9.3 0.149 471.6 890 26.3 70.6 1.7 15.78
194714 194714S - 22.d 163.7 46.3 920 1.24 45 3.05 605100 1573 510.6 768 1.75 3.57 15.6 0.109 435.1 273.9 11.64 88.4 3.81 12.07
194714 194714S - 23.d 159.2 63.6 960 1.76 38.5 0.73 606000 4945 1151 762 2.28 3.57 6.15 0.105 295.2 242.1 13.71 35.22 1.49 7.04
194714 194714S - 24.d 160.1 49 830 2 49 1.39 603100 2463 377.3 574 1.19 2.73 5.3 0.559 369.1 651 12.83 86 6.32 8
194714 194714S - 25.d 160 55.9 670 2.31 49 1.87 602900 4102 687.3 279 1.97 3 5.75 0.155 204.3 169.8 7.25 67.6 14.13 6.52
194714 194714S - 26.d 148.9 33.9 640 2 38 0.7 600900 4498 1625 108.1 0.155 1.05 3.14 0.082 410.5 580 12.88 91.7 5.58 11.85
194714 194714S - 27.d 151.3 15.16 420 2.11 35.5 0.35 606400 1711 287.5 895 0.13 1.94 6.7 0.066 141.1 21.99 4.84 58.5 0.85 3.25
194714 194714S - 28.d 167.5 101 600 1.8 50 4.48 602700 1081 240.9 1096 2.24 2.29 9.1 0.197 308.1 1788 54.4 77.4 71.6 13.25
194714 194714S - 29.d 162 52 150 1.92 46.5 2.94 604900 3645 888.2 478 0.59 1.58 3.49 0.099 480 586 14.45 82.6 1.78 14.33
194714 194714S - 30.d 150.9 36.9 270 2.18 50 1.08 603600 3287 1176 523 0.095 1.3 4.84 0.079 467 877 14.68 88.7 3.2 19.36
194714 194714S - 31.d 179.8 74.4 460 2.09 38 4.11 607200 1225 204.8 783 3.3 1.7 7.8 0.157 394.5 1323.9 52.9 75.9 153.2 12.8
194714 194714S - 32.d 151.3 41 740 1.86 35.5 2.55 602000 3738 824.5 535 1.03 2.6 5.24 0.136 540.3 1590 24.6 40.61 1.71 21.83
194714 194714S - 33.d 147.1 39.2 650 1.78 41 1.06 605800 2730 738 822 0.135 1.3 2.5 0.062 216.7 295.1 17.8 43.3 0.49 5.06
194714 194714S - 34.d 150.1 29.91 520 1.59 44 1.07 600300 3136 973.9 389 0.115 1.29 2.71 0.111 314.1 148.8 10.52 74.8 1.98 8.52
194714 194714S - 35.d 160 82 580 1.85 49 2.48 609900 2267 398.8 909 0.56 1.64 7.73 0.21 496 988.9 59 94.6 2.96 17.13
194714 194714S - 36.d 170.8 74.8 500 2.6 5180 0.78 604100 1409 300.2 1027 1.66 3.19 5.55 1.94 323.7 1235.7 29.8 112.1 2.51 12.83
194714 194714S - 37.d 184 340 1240 2.12 46 1.53 608500 2960 835.9 750 8.9 4.5 7.8 0.32 1258 783 21.3 73.7 2.44 32.1
194714 194714S - 38.d 149.1 28.12 195 2.1 34 0.82 601800 5909 1896 365 0.07 1.44 3.21 0.081 414 1152.5 15.82 93.7 94.8 12.83
194714 194714S - 39.d 145.3 18.8 200 1.91 55 1.16 605400 3578 590 481 0.09 1.33 4.23 0.081 771.8 368 16.76 80.1 2.6 25.76
194714 194714S - 40.d 137.6 36.72 640 1.79 41.5 1.48 602600 7951 2886 462 0.145 1.6 3.33 0.08 405.9 886.6 11.08 51.3 1.54 14.15
194714 194714S - 41.d 162.5 20.2 490 1.71 46 1.59 605100 9083 1048 83 0.81 2.63 8 0.161 70.2 69.78 5.55 51 31.8 1.01
194714 194714S - 42.d 170.6 79.3 670 2.4 38.5 2.5 603600 1489 398.7 986 0.34 1.53 7.49 0.162 466.9 1101.3 19.89 66.8 1.41 17.2
194714 194714S - 43.d 152.5 36.2 730 2.07 47.5 0.86 602200 2965 2288 441 0.16 1.1 3.43 0.082 467.8 772.9 16.59 71.8 9.76 15.56
194714 194714S - 44.d 156.9 62.4 255 2.16 46.5 1.79 603400 1897 428.7 979 0.08 1.76 8.2 0.214 69.05 70.8 10.02 20.41 0.055 0.484446 J.K. P ORTERAppendix D  Table 1 Page 58 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file
194714 194714S - 4.d
194714 194714S - 5.d
194714 194714S - 6.d
194714 194714S - 7.d
194714 194714S - 8.d
194714 194714S - 9.d
194714 194714S - 10.d
194714 194714S - 11.d
194714 194714S - 12.d
194714 194714S - 13.d
194714 194714S - 14.d
194714 194714S - 15.d
194714 194714S - 16.d
194714 194714S - 17.d
194714 194714S - 18.d
194714 194714S - 19.d
194714 194714S - 20.d
194714 194714S - 21.d
194714 194714S - 22.d
194714 194714S - 23.d
194714 194714S - 24.d
194714 194714S - 25.d
194714 194714S - 26.d
194714 194714S - 27.d
194714 194714S - 28.d
194714 194714S - 29.d
194714 194714S - 30.d
194714 194714S - 31.d
194714 194714S - 32.d
194714 194714S - 33.d
194714 194714S - 34.d
194714 194714S - 35.d
194714 194714S - 36.d
194714 194714S - 37.d
194714 194714S - 38.d
194714 194714S - 39.d
194714 194714S - 40.d
194714 194714S - 41.d
194714 194714S - 42.d
194714 194714S - 43.d
194714 194714S - 44.dTa W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Th U Group C Rocktype Rock Unit
69.6 5.36 1.75 2.58 0.195 0.015 0.0055 3.74 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
3.81 8 1.3 2.52 0.427 0.304 0.047 3.06 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
41.2 23.25 1.95 1.83 0.227 0.02 0.0048 2.699 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
0.483 28.9 2 3.82 2.35 2.12 0.476 2.304 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
22.96 7.72 1.9 3.29 0.273 0.0225 0.034 4.74 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
2.8 7.8 1.75 1.3 0.189 0.091 0.0019 1.707 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
40.06 6.4 1.75 3.77 0.423 0.155 0.0169 5.37 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
81.6 6.9 2.05 14.4 1.32 2 10 15.4 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
33.92 5 2 3.56 0.411 0.202 0.195 4.77 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
21.8 3.79 1.6 2.91 0.382 0.1 0.0229 4.04 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
10.84 1.24 1.5 0.596 0.073 0.0155 0.0086 0.884 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
39.2 13.97 2.15 1.85 0.329 0.188 0.117 2.38 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
0.568 0.304 1.55 2.89 0.334 0.127 0.0055 3.97 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
91.5 114.1 1.65 5.18 0.476 0.05 0.006 7.77 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
25.42 101 1.95 5.29 3.26 3.53 1.66 2.81 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
4.05 26.3 2.15 1.52 0.382 0.303 0.005 1.657 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
33.26 11.12 1.8 3.38 0.329 0.0155 0.0055 5.17 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
33.46 27.3 3.05 2.49 0.74 0.55 0.139 2.13 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
2.511 12.8 1.65 2.37 0.66 0.65 0.081 2.212 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
2.188 7.3 2.6 1.26 0.501 0.47 0.077 1.265 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
18.65 41.7 1.55 4.15 1.87 1.84 0.68 3.02 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
2.24 7.8 1.4 1.08 0.57 0.47 0.032 0.832 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
30.43 1.52 1 3.17 0.29 0.0165 0.00265 4.87 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
1.633 4.1 1.65 0.412 0.075 0.135 0.00485 0.517 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
23.11 10.98 1.6 2.86 0.284 0.124 0.074 3.867 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
14.99 1.86 1.8 2.13 0.324 0.181 0.016 2.688 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
20.88 1.59 1.3 1.59 0.138 0.014 0.00315 2.369 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
22.28 20.09 1.55 2.09 0.214 0.083 0.00485 2.895 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
56.86 98.8 2.3 1.9 0.653 0.552 0.064 2.123 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
14.21 1.22 2.25 0.887 0.026 0.02 0.005 1.357 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
4.61 0.39 1.5 1.72 0.148 0.043 0.003 2.767 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
45.82 38.19 1.55 6.11 0.726 0.207 0.00435 8.94 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
22.41 10.7 2 4.64 0.578 0.306 0.0322 6.06 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
29.41 4.5 1.15 5.9 2.62 3.2 0.137 4.41 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
44.48 8.07 1.4 3.23 0.369 0.144 0.00275 4.85 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
17.21 0.79 2.3 3.15 0.262 0.018 0.00305 4.74 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
27.12 2.55 1.95 0.721 0.0265 0.0115 0.0031 1.085 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
0.281 17.3 1.75 1.13 0.289 0.276 0.034 1.335 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
41.04 7.21 2.1 1.82 0.171 0.063 0.0093 2.444 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
36.81 4.71 1.4 2.11 0.187 0.0155 0.00425 2.973 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
0.0031 0.23 1.8 0.764 0.111 0.065 0.0198 1.173 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana HillAppendix D J.K. P ORTER 447Appendix D  Table 1 Page 59 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file Mg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf
194714 194714S - 45.d 156 45.6 320 2.35 55 1.23 605800 5017 2316 496 0.13 3.09 12.1 0.091 627.7 614 17.3 81.1 2.44 18.72
194714 194714S - 46.d 195 287 940 0.65 42 2.88 601000 4108 1062 1420 24.8 6.17 28.4 0.282 468.7 2565 51.1 116.3 11.9 17.31
194714 194714S - 47.d 155.8 51 225 1.57 41 0.48 604800 6592 653.4 367 0.9 2.5 4.9 0.099 513.3 591 15.55 77.5 2.25 14.23
194714 194714S - 48.d 158.8 42.6 520 2.24 42 2.7 605000 6292 1783 6420 0.32 1.29 5.89 0.088 399.9 703 14.18 80.4 1.88 12.22
194714 194714S - 49.d 150.8 33.7 490 1.85 45.5 1.54 602400 2306 551 276 0.105 1.43 9.3 0.091 207.5 98.6 6.76 47.4 3.74 4.99
194714 194714S - 50.d 153.5 44.9 500 2.43 55 3.97 602400 2307 250.4 697 0.48 2.23 7.3 15.3 305.6 368 13.47 92.7 2.49 8.67
194714 194714 - 1.d 148 33.5 740 0.55 50 0.42 609100 3572 514.2 352 0.11 1.05 2.8 0.083 92.35 155.9 27 72.4 0.37 0.95
194714 194714 - 2.d 153.2 38.6 510 2.31 42.5 0.6 603000 5297 896.3 383 0.52 2.07 6.41 0.111 691.4 2515 37.5 103.2 2.7 26.73
194714 194714 - 3.d 160.5 101 1500 3.75 55 7.8 601100 1830 465.9 458 0.48 3.43 11.9 0.81 8100 778 23 88.8 1.4 122
194714 194714 - 4.d 153.8 97 7700 2.42 75 28.8 610000 1217 300.6 2270 3.12 4.42 7.44 10 41000 3909 63.8 90.9 3.16 680
194714 194714 - 5.d 143.8 30.2 1120 1.68 50 1.99 599300 2501 384.6 1516 1.05 3.6 12.6 0.157 379 2384 68.1 63.1 2.32 15.2
194714 194714 - 6.d 344 701 1790 2.62 65 1.13 601200 7282 1720 2260 20.9 15.41 37.4 0.108 435 296.2 37.7 74.9 6.64 13.3
194714 194714 - 7.d 153 326 440 1.94 48 1.04 606200 2566 213.5 812 0.1 1.3 3.15 0.084 535.2 1147.6 25.3 83 1.67 17.13
194714 194714 - 8.d 192.6 342 1160 0.85 45 1.88 603700 2321 1997 1990 12.4 10.82 19.2 0.41 647.1 118.1 10.48 100.3 2.69 23.3
194714 194714 - 9.d 153.5 76 420 1.2 80 1.01 603100 1050 360.5 1019 1.79 4.63 24.3 0.195 389 515 46.8 87.4 2.3 14
194714 194714 - 10.d 162.9 78.3 770 1.28 32 2.14 605600 6473 1101 231 1.08 3.34 17.3 0.126 348.4 299.5 11.12 57.4 1.21 9.03
194714 194714 - 11.d 152.3 98.5 285 0.5 65 2.92 608200 1320 306.1 924 1.02 3.69 7.4 0.254 210.1 249.9 19.42 56.7 1.21 5.98
194714 194714 - 12.d 190.5 199 750 3.23 48.5 6.86 607600 8057 2212 1059 2.62 5.52 14.7 0.091 679.4 1091.9 16.59 89.3 2.47 21.61
194714 194714 - 13.d 165.1 340 900 2.79 38.5 5 597900 6412 1907 560 2.7 5.5 50 0.33 731 1646 16.3 86.4 2.39 19.82
194714 194714 - 14.d 223.9 547 1770 2.97 60 3.14 606100 3178 2130 1560 19.5 20.4 65.5 0.174 508.4 881 15.6 100.3 4.73 14.87
194714 194714 - 15.d 156.8 26.4 780 1.17 50 1.48 605600 3802 1297 504 0.68 2.25 7.32 0.137 524.7 550 26.1 58.5 2.17 18.57
194714 194714 - 16.d 168.6 79.5 700 1.47 38.5 1.09 599300 1384 264.1 1558 0.85 2.02 10.8 0.086 356.3 1746 32 85.7 1.9 13.39
194714 194714 - 17.d 154.2 61 600 2.13 41.5 3.2 602700 5498 299.1 617 1.9 3.18 5.55 0.152 658.8 1302 26.2 76.5 0.85 22.68
194714 194714 - 18.d 159.7 116 1110 2.62 48 2.12 600500 6167 1913 965 4.66 4.74 8.6 0.49 607 1248 22 70.7 1.64 17.79
194714 194714 - 19.d 151.8 37.5 470 2.27 55 0.62 600600 2317 464.2 651 0.36 2.24 7.7 0.16 215.6 302 33.5 63.2 2.14 7.97
194714 194714 - 20.d 151.7 92 520 1.78 39.5 2.55 605100 3862 570.6 1161 0.22 1.44 3.99 0.076 407.2 1536 19.17 70.6 1.89 13.59
194714 194714 - 21.d 347 275 1190 2.72 55 1.98 608200 3701 561 1810 10.1 10.3 37 0.181 765.1 1937 30.7 124.4 2.29 25.68
194714 194714 - 22.d 315 280 990 2.41 177 2.02 601300 1142 319.8 2028 5.57 9.6 14.4 0.133 353.4 1311 16.4 77.7 1.34 13.5
194714 194714 - 23.d 146.8 27.37 550 2.15 44 2.97 601400 1973 316 1018 0.075 1.4 5.82 0.066 550.8 1210.9 25.04 83 1.51 19.35
194714 194714 - 24.d 147.9 31.11 570 2.06 32 1.68 603600 1430 337.3 1413 0.105 1.16 3.06 0.081 585.9 1762 25.2 86.9 3.31 21.57
194714 194714 - 25.d 152.2 27.4 215 1.53 45 0.67 610200 4483 1686 240 0.46 1.67 6.54 0.119 198.7 190.3 4.9 79.8 3.37 5.12
194714 194714 - 26.d 185.2 459 1160 2.76 75 3.13 606800 3721 305.6 659 1.96 6.18 28.6 0.167 414.7 924 87.7 90.3 1.94 14.04
194714 194714 - 27.d 150.4 102.6 690 1.67 38 1.63 599700 2016 325.4 1300 2.76 4.03 8.55 0.107 530.2 288.1 25.1 71.6 1.19 20.73
194714 194714 - 28.d 157.7 89.1 1030 1.82 46.5 1.45 606800 4504 1248 625 1.15 3.47 6.5 0.314 450.1 641 18.5 91.8 1.59 20.42
194714 194714 - 29.d 153.5 44.8 700 2.47 46.5 1.76 602800 1232 251.9 895 0.3 3.7 8.53 0.134 417.4 649 31.1 59.8 2.8 11.96
194714 194714 - 30.d 170.1 188 245 2.7 70 2.31 603900 5650 958 932 6.06 7.19 6.55 0.379 633.9 1012 22 85.6 2.12 20.78
194714 194714 - 31.d 202 288 1280 0.4 47.5 3.37 605300 1804 304.4 1380 8.6 7 10.7 0.236 514.8 1934 29.9 133.5 2.38 20.13
194714 194714 - 32.d 164.5 48.5 700 1.87 630 0.61 607200 3775 1277 522 2.38 3.29 19 0.147 302.3 1167 32.9 83.6 2.56 8.65
194714 194714 - 33.d 259.2 405 850 2.14 46.5 0.6 605800 3885 1113 1301 22.6 3.19 16.2 0.077 351.4 1259 34.4 85.3 2.8 10.65
194714 194714 - 34.d 176.5 276 11470 2.86 46.5 54.9 603900 3278 1022 1390 6.6 17.9 86.4 11.44 86000 126.7 13 44 1.7 1910
194714 194714 - 35.d 161.6 110 890 1.44 39 2.85 608100 1360 298 1140 2.05 7.4 46.6 0.56 401 619 78.9 88 163.6 13.3448 J.K. P ORTERAppendix D  Table 1 Page 60 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file
194714 194714S - 45.d
194714 194714S - 46.d
194714 194714S - 47.d
194714 194714S - 48.d
194714 194714S - 49.d
194714 194714S - 50.d
194714 194714 - 1.d
194714 194714 - 2.d
194714 194714 - 3.d
194714 194714 - 4.d
194714 194714 - 5.d
194714 194714 - 6.d
194714 194714 - 7.d
194714 194714 - 8.d
194714 194714 - 9.d
194714 194714 - 10.d
194714 194714 - 11.d
194714 194714 - 12.d
194714 194714 - 13.d
194714 194714 - 14.d
194714 194714 - 15.d
194714 194714 - 16.d
194714 194714 - 17.d
194714 194714 - 18.d
194714 194714 - 19.d
194714 194714 - 20.d
194714 194714 - 21.d
194714 194714 - 22.d
194714 194714 - 23.d
194714 194714 - 24.d
194714 194714 - 25.d
194714 194714 - 26.d
194714 194714 - 27.d
194714 194714 - 28.d
194714 194714 - 29.d
194714 194714 - 30.d
194714 194714 - 31.d
194714 194714 - 32.d
194714 194714 - 33.d
194714 194714 - 34.d
194714 194714 - 35.dTa W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Th U Group C Rocktype Rock Unit
17.07 13.12 1.8 2.45 0.697 0.489 0.00405 2.562 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
41.96 13.45 1.95 4.85 2.95 2.91 0.0236 3.065 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
16.65 5.7 2.2 5.92 0.98 0.5 0.012 7.54 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
14.21 2.09 1.55 1.8 0.203 0.0205 0.00455 2.994 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
3.84 0.71 1.75 0.434 0.029 0.0185 0.00325 0.648 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
18.65 8.5 1.35 4.12 0.54 4.3 38 5.54 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
0.095 0.009 1.1 1.027 0.098 0.0135 0.00325 1.691 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
84.39 10.45 1.9 2.95 0.76 0.583 0.0198 3.173 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
18.89 42.1 1.7 4.19 0.76 0.482 0.298 4.26 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
131.7 228.4 2.45 15 2.31 1.09 1.42 12.6 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
49.42 87.2 1.45 2.7 0.579 0.33 0.0254 3.6 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
8.6 50.7 2.6 2.35 0.97 0.778 0.051 2.051 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
20.86 3.81 1.5 2.15 0.167 0.016 0.00205 3.32 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
3.73 28.6 1.9 3.77 1.24 1.07 0.534 4.244 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
5.65 30.5 2.95 1.97 0.58 0.431 0.034 2.13 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
10.31 3.04 2.3 1.93 0.342 0.264 0.0135 2.42 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
1.239 32.4 2.1 1.52 0.328 0.299 0.0104 1.861 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
57.34 27.4 1.75 4.28 2.08 2.13 0.528 3.33 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
111.3 21.7 1.55 1.98 0.37 0.191 0.123 2.99 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
51.2 89 4 3.92 1.29 1.09 0.383 3.89 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
24.4 8.29 1.8 1.82 0.328 0.196 0.0182 2.283 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
48.52 17.25 1.45 3.04 0.304 0.042 0.0004 4.68 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
49.2 16 1.9 2.38 0.329 0.257 0.69 3.222 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
44.32 26.5 1.65 5.13 3.11 3.07 0.74 2.43 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
17.69 19.11 1.6 1.98 0.316 0.178 0.0234 2.583 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
89.4 7 1.75 1.3 0.212 0.02 0.002 1.933 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
54.5 47.9 1.8 4.3 1.34 1.06 0.75 4.79 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
57.89 68.3 1.95 2.51 0.76 0.644 0.156 2.82 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
42.33 12.05 1.95 2.21 0.182 0.019 0.00395 3.146 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
67.93 3.02 1.45 2.39 0.216 0.022 0.0037 3.83 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
11.99 3.37 1.75 1.59 0.293 0.163 0.0248 2.137 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
31.82 39.3 3.25 3.4 0.81 0.64 0.0293 3.63 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
11.04 30.2 2.15 2.65 0.92 1.01 0.283 2.536 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
29.66 86.7 1.95 2.25 0.547 0.38 0.436 2.29 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
18.41 49.5 1.75 2.72 0.725 0.595 0.0094 2.946 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
46.7 43.7 2.9 2.88 1.64 1.45 1.96 2.34 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
63.5 23.5 1.65 3.17 0.574 0.399 0.0159 4.136 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
9.4 15 2.15 3.03 0.557 0.355 0.00405 3.68 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
19.95 3.74 1.55 2.81 0.533 0.283 0.00345 3.71 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
5.84 100 3.1 19.1 2.4 1.75 8.1 23.1 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
10.06 26 1.55 3.49 0.61 0.38 0.028 4.52 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana HillAppendix D J.K. P ORTER 449Appendix D  Table 1 Page 61 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file Mg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf
194714 194714 - 36.d 148.7 42 690 2.03 38 3.45 603700 862 373.3 1364 0.115 1.3 4.77 0.084 373.3 3572 35.1 90.8 112.1 18.18
194714 194714 - 37.d 156.1 86.2 300 3.3 75 1.51 603900 4200 1097 571 1.36 8 15.5 0.329 525 2240 38.2 93.8 6.15 22.1
194714 194714 - 38.d 239 910 1750 2.36 85 3.8 596000 4981 1082 2710 14.2 12.79 51.7 3.79 1139 2209 38.6 97.4 2.41 30.3
194714 194714 - 39.d 154.4 18.6 175 1.94 40 4.76 596500 4783 1049 399 0.43 2.73 16.8 0.113 783 1678 34.4 70.7 3.09 33.64
194714 194714 - 40.d 167.8 151 1110 2.03 390 2.02 605200 3163 1901 651 10 9.56 16.2 0.8 699.9 329 21.94 101 3.5 22.34
194714 194714 - 41.d 252.7 333 1350 1.77 44 2.12 608300 7225 961 1642 11.6 5.86 9.2 0.412 635.3 1009 21.5 93.8 1.74 20.49
194714 194714 - 42.d 152 79.2 840 2.01 39 2.16 602200 5702 1065 266 0.2 1.2 4.8 0.121 547 375 15.88 89.8 2.01 16.19
194714 194714 - 43.d 154.7 49.7 680 2.03 41.5 0.92 603000 1962 283.4 1111 0.28 2.58 9.2 0.175 438.8 1487 36.8 70.1 1.48 16.54
194714 194714 - 44.d 160.2 120 970 1.77 42 1.24 600100 3622 673.4 854 2.27 4.73 7.63 0.51 322.7 34.37 6.56 50.3 1.6 8.6
194714 194714 - 45.d 163.4 156 980 5.5 45 4.66 603700 7239 2346 777 3.04 6.09 7.7 0.242 491 1116 20.06 76.1 2.07 15.98
194714 194714 - 46.d 154.1 111 680 1.69 50 1.71 601900 9476 1582 615 2.42 3.98 14.7 0.138 644 19.37 5.39 97.7 7.23 17.91
194714 194714 - 47.d 147.6 42.6 295 2.6 48.5 2.4 599600 1216 284.4 1376 0.98 2.47 7.6 0.137 389.4 351.3 28.9 66.4 2.19 14.12
194714 194714 - 48.d 271.1 538 8410 2.57 55 2.24 600100 6233 1144 1980 9.6 15.3 34.2 0.365 537.1 986 15.65 89.8 2.98 15.92
194714 194714 - 49.d 152.1 60 290 2.19 40.5 0.96 604000 6890 1932 271 1.68 2.88 5.15 0.071 571.1 860 20.5 109.4 1.75 16.34
194714 194714 - 50.d 153.9 50.4 570 1.87 37.5 2.63 600500 2586 436 642 0.47 2.33 7.71 0.085 471.8 1089 20.5 87.2 2.17 13.55
194714 194714 - 51.d 149.1 75 190 0.41 40 0.64 604900 4851 1607 430 0.19 1.98 4.79 0.069 346.7 93.9 8.13 61.5 2.19 9.54
194714 194714 - 52.d 159.8 39.2 45700 2.06 55 1.71 603100 779 262.7 1471 0.14 1.89 7.7 0.159 218.8 2369 48.6 93.5 62.2 9.71
194714 194714 - 53.d 202.1 272 1040 2.16 50 2.11 602200 3964 513.4 1131 12.4 8.75 9.05 0.225 353.4 1189 63.5 90.7 3.89 8.81
194714 194714 - 54.d 172.6 108.3 890 2.32 37.5 4.95 607400 8491 2664 668 5.21 7.1 11.2 0.202 494.1 1615.3 17.05 92 11.78 13
194714 194714 - 55.d 160.4 75.6 350 2.2 90 1.32 598300 1264 329 1303 1.38 5.75 9.8 0.217 323.6 679 22 65 1.85 10.95
194714 194714 - 56.d 165.6 97.3 670 1.55 40.5 1.43 606200 4892 987 605 1.58 2.98 8.41 0.283 525.7 1310 23.95 73.7 1.6 18.58
194714 194714 - 57.d 149.3 37.7 600 1.87 55 3.56 603700 1415 538.5 1108 0.0425 2.3 7.18 0.082 150.4 1232 68.5 36.5 4.35 4.21
194714 194714 - 58.d 155 73.1 1100 3 130 1.96 598500 2780 701.6 516 1.24 4.49 7.6 0.296 200.6 960 35.2 64.9 5.34 9.06
194714 194714 - 59.d 161.6 90.1 930 2.18 55 1.86 602800 8300 1732 446 1.07 6.28 16.1 0.127 534.2 184.9 10.1 69.6 2.06 15.4
194714 194714 - 60.d 216.2 125.1 1080 1.89 65 2.86 600300 4360 589.5 1340 3.46 4.67 12.8 0.251 339.7 266 14.5 101.4 2.5 7.29
194714 194714 - 61.d 153 30.5 840 1.32 50 0.51 606700 7247 1723 157 0.5 2.62 10 0.089 108.72 220.4 12.81 33.7 0.74 1.81
194714 194714 - 62.d 147.4 49.3 980 1.81 49.5 0.49 598000 4866 1264 457 0.125 2.42 7.63 0.114 416.1 1127 28.1 91.7 2.72 17.57
194714 194714 - 63.d 153 63.8 770 1.97 55 1.77 603600 3154 1160 1085 0.175 1.72 7.2 0.097 629.5 915 28.6 80.5 3.44 18.09
194714 194714 - 64.d 261 260 4500 2.6 48.5 0.47 597700 1403 328.6 1330 5.6 5.8 26.1 0.131 208.5 700 14.53 63.5 6.29 8.7
194714 194714 - 65.d 158.7 46.2 425 3.12 70 1.95 603100 4502 1202 442 1.55 3.25 4.93 0.31 904.4 1563 27.3 84.3 5.1 35.37
194714 194714 - 66.d 147.4 26.8 480 2.34 50 1.69 605400 1990 322.8 814 0.115 1.85 12.2 0.203 395.7 1551 29.6 47.8 1.87 13.08
194714 194714 - 67.d 438 1980 3260 2.56 65 3.91 601000 1406 296 4540 56.4 24.5 48.7 1.26 359.8 456 16 46.5 2.55 12.12
194714 194714 - 68.d 142.1 60.8 290 0.9 65 1.89 602500 4300 1137.4 526 1.95 2.75 10.6 0.466 653.9 2650 71.8 81.5 2.17 21.64
194714 194714 - 69.d 191.2 399 280 2.5 55 0.83 601800 1804 564.6 2359 10.79 9.48 17.8 0.213 699.4 5269 90.9 93.6 3.35 31.44
194714 194714 - 70.d 850 5100 5800 1.72 50 3.04 599400 9190 1878 15200 22.8 9.7 61 0.57 396.6 441 9.44 107.7 3.2 10.7
194714 194714 - 71.d 394 6200 4500 1.64 47 1.63 604700 1285 279.7 3540 10.9 3.61 54.2 0.445 394.3 1033 26.9 75.6 1.66 17.82
194714 194714 - 72.d 166.5 32 155 2.45 44 1.05 605200 5878 1763 236 0.55 1.96 4.6 0.107 461.6 1139 41.5 91.1 2.38 14.47
194714 194714 - 73.d 160 36.7 500 1.91 50 4.34 601700 2281 265 791 0.47 1.56 5.31 0.072 586.7 982.6 19.9 73.2 3.07 15.53
194714 194714 - 74.d 206 186 375 1.75 85 3.39 608000 2256 258.7 1294 5.69 6.79 6.93 0.301 811.6 1285 63.9 80.4 3.18 25.83
194714 194714 - 75.d 302 182 1020 1.34 43 1.86 605200 5755 1098 1240 3.27 2.71 18.1 0.144 330.3 576 18.6 81.2 2.87 8.35
194714 194714 - 76.d 229 1150 1190 4.3 370 2.06 603400 1140 354 1900 3.9 57 17.9 0.61 361 723 8.06 65.6 18.6 11.66450 J.K. P ORTERAppendix D  Table 1 Page 62 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file
194714 194714 - 36.d
194714 194714 - 37.d
194714 194714 - 38.d
194714 194714 - 39.d
194714 194714 - 40.d
194714 194714 - 41.d
194714 194714 - 42.d
194714 194714 - 43.d
194714 194714 - 44.d
194714 194714 - 45.d
194714 194714 - 46.d
194714 194714 - 47.d
194714 194714 - 48.d
194714 194714 - 49.d
194714 194714 - 50.d
194714 194714 - 51.d
194714 194714 - 52.d
194714 194714 - 53.d
194714 194714 - 54.d
194714 194714 - 55.d
194714 194714 - 56.d
194714 194714 - 57.d
194714 194714 - 58.d
194714 194714 - 59.d
194714 194714 - 60.d
194714 194714 - 61.d
194714 194714 - 62.d
194714 194714 - 63.d
194714 194714 - 64.d
194714 194714 - 65.d
194714 194714 - 66.d
194714 194714 - 67.d
194714 194714 - 68.d
194714 194714 - 69.d
194714 194714 - 70.d
194714 194714 - 71.d
194714 194714 - 72.d
194714 194714 - 73.d
194714 194714 - 74.d
194714 194714 - 75.d
194714 194714 - 76.dTa W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Th U Group C Rocktype Rock Unit
91.1 6.05 1.65 6.59 0.581 0.0155 0.0028 9.22 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
47.8 92 3.05 3.37 1.53 1.48 0.0075 3.23 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
65.6 29.2 2 6.74 3.68 3.9 6.79 5.67 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
64.1 31.17 2.1 4.37 0.657 0.306 0.0108 5.5 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
8.37 29.6 2.95 3.42 0.736 0.479 0.467 4.21 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
50.3 20.8 1.3 2.64 0.526 0.335 0.143 3.86 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
19.34 3.95 2.1 2.13 0.279 0.131 0.177 3.33 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
37.8 46.8 2.1 2.05 0.388 0.283 0.041 2.502 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
0.197 15.9 1.45 2.05 1.11 1.18 1.36 1.654 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
36.32 32.1 2.9 4.44 2.62 2.8 0.352 2.509 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
0.175 34.2 1.6 3.81 0.74 0.449 0.167 4.51 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
34.25 36.8 2.15 2.08 0.438 0.278 0.0143 2.512 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
40.75 53 3.2 5.2 2.38 2.36 0.81 4.12 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
32.83 20.7 1.85 2.64 0.452 0.301 0.0155 3.27 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
6.28 4.26 1.95 2.11 0.267 0.133 0.0112 2.617 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
2.333 5 1.85 1.55 0.218 0.089 0.0043 1.991 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
53.5 10.25 1.7 3.46 0.345 0.111 0.00375 4.86 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
8.22 57.4 2.05 2.44 1.14 1.04 0.044 1.963 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
78.5 56.6 2 2.36 0.64 0.559 0.046 2.494 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
11.75 29.2 2.45 1.5 0.7 0.71 0.176 1.285 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
38.6 19.4 1.2 2.32 0.644 0.605 0.313 2.476 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
1.04 11.56 2.15 1.29 0.298 0.126 0.00395 1.395 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
55.4 74.1 4.8 5.21 0.98 0.62 0.0055 6.37 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
4.59 75.7 3.15 4.79 2.2 2.76 0.412 2.76 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
8.01 52.7 1.9 4.05 0.739 0.588 0.46 4.49 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
0.491 12.9 2.05 1.33 0.27 0.153 0.0062 1.704 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
46.1 11.36 1.6 5.31 0.81 0.51 0.00305 6.78 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
42.07 33.3 1.75 9.36 0.801 0.067 0.0156 13.1 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
24.53 20.2 1.75 1.83 0.52 0.43 0.045 1.91 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
69 31 2.75 6.53 1.13 0.768 0.0206 7.3 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
96.6 58.6 2.1 1.353 0.05 0.022 0.0045 2.123 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
4.06 133 2.1 2.5 1.52 1.74 1.07 1.709 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
91.2 53.6 2.4 3.5 0.503 0.255 0.111 4.15 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
185.3 91.1 1.9 5.52 1.63 1.35 0.0292 5.99 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
23.16 211 1.6 4.65 1.9 2.42 0.295 3.45 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
35.31 19.43 2.3 2.37 0.537 0.477 0.108 2.526 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
37.82 12.5 1.8 4.33 2.49 2.3 0.071 3.178 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
34.22 1.24 2.15 1.73 0.234 0.071 0.072 2.432 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
48.07 97.7 1.5 8.3 1.31 0.582 0.346 10.09 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
14.39 8.3 2.4 4.1 0.68 0.337 0.0047 5.7 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
12.25 900 2 6.6 4.56 4.73 0.94 3.09 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana HillAppendix D J.K. P ORTER 451Appendix D  Table 1 Page 63 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file Mg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf
194714 194714 - 77.d 257 530 1260 1.83 253 1.27 601100 7109 2350 1410 4.68 8.8 14.1 0.173 486.8 713 20.5 69.5 3.02 14.7
194714 194714 - 78.d 194.7 463 1300 3.1 55 3.16 602300 7999 1836 1240 15 13.95 14.7 1.24 538.8 683 18.2 106.5 2.86 13.29
194714 194714 - 79.d 152.5 57.9 550 1.75 37 9.5 602300 3876 893 548 0.24 2.23 9.6 0.159 439.3 1137.7 21.2 87.9 1.98 14.15
194714 194714 - 80.d 230 508 1200 2.22 60 1.18 600100 4818 924 2470 19.8 24.9 62.3 0.184 648.3 549 13.9 103.2 2.62 16.29
194714 194714 - 82.d 160.7 82.9 380 1.15 140 2.42 605900 4262 1259 682 2.48 3.62 8 0.152 859 4495 48.2 127.3 3.15 32.1
194714 194714 - 83.d 153 44.9 250 1.42 55 0.87 601000 4904 940.4 148.6 0.37 2.01 5.4 0.114 176.2 215.8 4.4 28.66 0.7 3.99
194714 194714 - 84.d 147.8 16.92 470 1.28 39 0.47 605300 1272 263.6 947 0.155 1.2 3.52 0.085 313.8 440 16.54 69.5 2.32 11.04
194714 194714 - 85.d 146.8 32 610 1.6 46.5 1.54 605400 1071 356.6 1074 0.34 1.58 8.8 0.102 365.9 2545 22.7 68.7 1.53 16
194714 194714 - 86.d 372 1020 2020 2.83 75 5.72 600000 2508 514 3100 70.1 19 25.5 5.67 619 496 20 65.5 2.79 19.81
194714 194714 - 87.d 198.7 620 1740 2.49 65 4.04 608700 4748 1220 2520 21.5 22.4 33.2 1.57 624 599 22.1 100.2 1.95 15.12
194714 194714 - 88.d 155 38.6 400 1.47 44 1.31 600400 1876 262.6 1069 2.27 2.61 5.11 0.147 370.4 1243 21.2 93.5 2.12 17.28
194714 194714 - 89.d 308 860 1640 2.26 3710 0.98 603600 8120 1783 1850 43.9 22.3 33.7 5.86 533 193.8 9.91 72.2 2.44 12.34
194714 194714 - 90.d 149 22.93 195 2 45 0.62 602800 7158 1163 252 0.095 1.13 3.21 0.078 27.77 24.73 4.17 17.66 0.107 0.262
194714 194714 - 91.d 331 1000 880 0.6 60 1.5 606300 3610 714 1530 12.1 8.5 720 1.3 506.7 696 15 64.3 1.76 17.63
194714 194714 - 92.d 158.8 21.85 185 1.38 38.5 0.73 603100 2846 471.6 504 0.145 1.15 5 0.107 783.1 403 17.25 67 2.75 27.5
194714 194714 - 93.d 216.5 539 1200 2.14 41.5 3.19 604500 2494 380.8 1620 8.56 9.22 23.3 0.434 541.4 925 19.84 89.8 2.29 18.31
194714 194714 - 94.d 622 840 1980 2.83 65 1.25 604900 5040 956 1940 2.03 6.12 10.3 0.93 262.3 291.1 9.24 33.2 1.89 6.83
194714 194714 - 95.d 178.9 197.4 15030 2.41 60 121.8 609100 2977 791 2183 1.98 5.14 7.1 131 99300 7169 76.2 120.3 8.52 1640
194714 194714 - 96.d 164.1 72.1 760 1.58 43 2.46 600900 2228 334.6 779 0.39 2.44 5.05 0.239 366 1216 60.6 65.3 15.84 12.16
194714 194714 - 97.d 158.6 97.6 1440 1.64 70 1.12 598500 3030 523.9 448 0.28 3.82 313 0.119 384 980 17.8 69.9 3.2 10.88
194714 194714 - 98.d 168.2 76 680 2.42 70 0.85 605500 1086 324.5 1147 1.69 2.94 9.04 0.193 485.5 107.6 12.05 94.9 1.94 10.81
194714 194714 - 99.d 178.7 562 1380 1.78 65 2.16 605700 4264 855 1301 1.4 2.89 8.5 0.132 676.4 272.5 18.66 82.9 1.68 20.87
194714 194714 - 100.d 164.8 458 2160 1.47 50 1.48 607100 6777 2325 247 0.47 3.37 19.6 0.354 504.2 476 18.18 101.3 29.7 17.82
194866 194866 - 1.d 334.3 34.9 1130 3.21 60 2.7 591700 283 93.3 4875 0.195 3.59 11.39 0.468 181.7 1280 0.259 36.8 115.4 7.95
194866 194866 - 2.d 349.9 97.4 950 5.3 160 3.46 600000 282.7 444.3 4767 0.285 5.11 15.7 0.359 207.8 1569 0.28 45.5 534 10.33
194866 194866 - 3.d 340.6 41.6 950 5.19 120 2.59 604800 305.4 165.8 5300 0.14 7.94 41.5 0.58 219.5 2077 0.05 42.2 1247 11.4
194866 194866 - 4.d 348.6 77.3 385 2.77 65 3.09 598700 297.5 245.8 5531 0.125 6.02 28 0.228 193.6 2198 0.29 53.3 397 9.97
194866 194866 - 5.d 365.1 199 15100 5.88 100 4.33 600600 301.6 248 79400 16.5 9.64 63.7 0.218 231.3 4620 0.155 55.7 8280 13.06
194866 194866 - 6.d 344.9 26.7 550 4.78 80 2.64 593800 295.3 159 4703 0.125 4.2 12 0.387 150.4 1462 0.51 45.6 340 7.38
194866 194866 - 7.d 347.9 45.2 600 5.28 95 2.85 596000 293.9 146.1 5970 0.2 5.05 16.2 0.308 184.5 2306 0.155 56.2 1386 10.25
194866 194866 - 8.d 413 1780 550 4.3 440 6.5 592000 255 119.3 10070 1.86 50 48.3 8.3 241 1903 0.39 45.8 453 11.65
194866 194866 - 9.d 346.6 37.3 550 5.64 90 1.99 591300 264.2 241.2 5330 0.14 6.72 25.8 1.27 331 1980 0.39 45.2 560 14.5
194866 194866 - 10.d 523 4800 7200 4.43 65 2.54 600000 301.4 178 6180 2.5 11.5 41.5 0.62 99.1 2311 0.21 32.4 309 6.38
194866 194866 - 11.d 363.2 257 4200 4.48 80 14.2 595500 281.8 177.2 8000 1.3 5.15 19.6 26 7500 1871 0.12 49.1 349.3 220
194866 194866 - 12.d 409 1880 2710 3.89 70 3.14 597200 279 256.4 5350 0.35 5.97 12.7 0.79 165.6 2090 0.25 46.3 490 9.55
194866 194866 - 13.d 345.6 77.5 700 4.66 95 3.02 600000 286.6 183.5 5029 0.09 5.76 13.5 0.63 154.9 1867 0.44 49.3 337 7.84
194866 194866 - 14.d 361.4 259 2960 3.94 115 4.64 598800 315 129.4 6420 0.91 14.4 42.8 15.4 950 1568 0.21 44.4 974 32
194866 194866 - 15.d 355 117 800 7.1 140 3.23 577000 294.6 249.4 6280 0.395 8 38.2 0.31 251.7 2620 0.165 52 4210 14.08
194866 194866 - 16.d 352 83.8 445 5.01 120 3.42 598400 316.9 177.1 8710 0.27 6.81 26 0.203 255.6 2681 0.17 43.9 10520 15.03
194866 194866 - 17.d 357.1 106 1790 5.1 180 2.61 596700 289.4 142 4421 0.145 5.62 11.6 0.77 82.7 890 0.17 28.5 288.4 4.27
194866 194866 - 18.d 356 84.4 1150 6.2 135 3.32 588500 285.1 235 4630 0.15 9.2 22.4 0.51 155.9 1422 0.145 40.1 246 7.58452 J.K. P ORTERAppendix D  Table 1 Page 64 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file
194714 194714 - 77.d
194714 194714 - 78.d
194714 194714 - 79.d
194714 194714 - 80.d
194714 194714 - 82.d
194714 194714 - 83.d
194714 194714 - 84.d
194714 194714 - 85.d
194714 194714 - 86.d
194714 194714 - 87.d
194714 194714 - 88.d
194714 194714 - 89.d
194714 194714 - 90.d
194714 194714 - 91.d
194714 194714 - 92.d
194714 194714 - 93.d
194714 194714 - 94.d
194714 194714 - 95.d
194714 194714 - 96.d
194714 194714 - 97.d
194714 194714 - 98.d
194714 194714 - 99.d
194714 194714 - 100.d
194866 194866 - 1.d
194866 194866 - 2.d
194866 194866 - 3.d
194866 194866 - 4.d
194866 194866 - 5.d
194866 194866 - 6.d
194866 194866 - 7.d
194866 194866 - 8.d
194866 194866 - 9.d
194866 194866 - 10.d
194866 194866 - 11.d
194866 194866 - 12.d
194866 194866 - 13.d
194866 194866 - 14.d
194866 194866 - 15.d
194866 194866 - 16.d
194866 194866 - 17.d
194866 194866 - 18.dTa W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Th U Group C Rocktype Rock Unit
34.32 42.5 2.3 4.35 1.79 1.61 0.309 3.51 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
11.82 139 1.95 5.24 1.82 1.62 4.24 5.4 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
34.62 10.5 1.7 3.03 0.483 0.262 0.0287 3.78 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
28.23 32.3 2.65 6.6 1.26 0.766 0.568 8 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
197.1 83.9 2 3.35 0.56 0.348 0.645 3.54 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
6.73 7.2 1.15 1.039 0.377 0.321 0.0153 0.988 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
16.53 3.26 2.25 2.56 0.19 0.0215 0.0024 3.71 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
56.98 9.66 1.35 1.48 0.206 0.056 0.00205 2.197 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
16.72 68 2 4.13 3.08 3.5 5.16 1.772 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
28.63 168 4.3 5.64 3.01 3.3 3.41 3.46 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
42.4 7.98 2 7.09 0.99 0.363 0.084 8.71 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
0.996 45.7 1.6 3.28 1.29 1.14 0.683 3.75 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
0.023 0.041 2.2 0.203 0.03 0.041 0.0055 0.247 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
40.67 125 3 2.03 0.81 0.65 0.175 1.73 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
9 1.04 1.95 5.17 0.463 0.0195 0.0028 7.44 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
18.11 88.6 2.2 5.57 2.83 2.64 0.88 3.99 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
25.71 56.1 3.75 2.75 1.45 1.46 0.027 1.609 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
294.5 54.1 2.4 73.7 7.34 1.255 3.75 75.8 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
12.4 25 2.25 1.96 0.28 0.2 0.0038 2.303 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
27.06 25.5 3.1 2.32 0.59 0.526 0.0147 2.54 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
2.05 13.3 2.55 3.56 0.519 0.206 0.096 4.3 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
10.84 14.1 2.1 2.84 0.6 0.32 0.0175 3.422 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
15.12 13.5 2.2 2.6 1.18 0.97 0.0133 2.467 4 psammitic gneiss Albany-Fraser Orogen, Fraser Range, Gnana Hill
16.5 110 1.65 51.6 5 0.663 1.67 58.06 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, The Diamonds Hill
108.7 298.6 2.5 55.8 5.25 0.883 1.245 55.4 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, The Diamonds Hill
84.4 448 5 69.9 7.07 0.68 1.09 79.9 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, The Diamonds Hill
154 207 1.55 56.7 5.33 0.938 1.442 57.2 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, The Diamonds Hill
613 667 3.35 78.8 7.81 1.67 2.32 79.2 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, The Diamonds Hill
41.7 194 3.5 43.1 3.74 0.631 1.52 39.8 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, The Diamonds Hill
74.7 451 4.65 64.2 6.16 1.39 1.53 58.3 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, The Diamonds Hill
92.5 557 5.7 41.5 7.6 7 120 45.2 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, The Diamonds Hill
73.9 337 3.6 57.89 5.64 1.05 2.01 59.6 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, The Diamonds Hill
125.7 472 8.7 27.9 5.45 4.12 6.28 28.9 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, The Diamonds Hill
39.4 263 2.75 52.2 5.21 1.02 3.5 51.3 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, The Diamonds Hill
111.4 286.6 2.55 53 6.73 3.28 13.5 48.42 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, The Diamonds Hill
85.4 223.6 2.9 45.84 6.07 3.49 4.72 44.6 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, The Diamonds Hill
63.3 477.3 2.4 70.4 7.63 2.64 6.3 72.2 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, The Diamonds Hill
239.9 845 6.5 85.4 8.03 1.29 0.99 91.9 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, The Diamonds Hill
581 1131 6 77.3 6.97 0.98 1.51 87.7 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, The Diamonds Hill
42.3 365 5 25.52 3.19 1.49 2.5 22.37 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, The Diamonds Hill
82.5 254.9 7.5 30 3.06 2.07 7.6 33.6 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, The Diamonds HillAppendix D J.K. P ORTER 453Appendix D  Table 1 Page 65 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file Mg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf
194866 194866 - 19.d 348.6 17.6 295 2.14 38.5 2.35 597200 300 123.2 5678 0.105 3.66 10.06 0.129 145.9 2946 0.4 44.9 313 9.27
194866 194866 - 20.d 415 196 261000 6.07 105 7 600300 290.7 151.2 5630 1.23 15.9 15.4 0.66 175.8 1679 0.25 45.3 505 9.79
194866 194866 - 21.d 529 5800 9000 3.56 80 3.24 598700 302.6 132.7 35300 9.5 6.61 31.3 0.289 181.7 2202 0.28 45.9 2355 10.51
194866 194866 - 22.d 352.6 71.6 1050 3.26 75 4.12 595800 284.5 105.2 11000 0.22 5.19 17.6 0.172 245.9 4140 0.085 50 10050 14.82
194866 194866 - 23.d 366 290 6800 4.5 95 14.7 597700 291.6 149.5 6930 0.18 6.29 25 34 7800 3580 0.21 56.4 3010 234
194866 194866 - 25.d 357.6 78.3 485 4.52 65 3.76 599600 297.7 166.9 8240 0.23 7.5 48.3 0.65 284.1 3549 0.47 50.7 6700 15.3
194866 194866 - 26.d 349.6 43.6 1500 1.9 60 5.9 605500 286.8 149.7 5885 0.085 3.78 13.3 4.6 ####### 2807 0.37 48.3 949 97
194866 194866 - 27.d 413 2420 3120 4.87 180 5.54 599300 276.9 434.9 10320 2.9 36.3 47.4 3.4 357 1559 0.48 48.1 141 11.9
194866 194866 - 28.d 366 144 800 3.28 115 6.26 597400 241.1 169.7 4190 0.18 9.3 35.6 0.71 150.3 415 0.15 27.3 56.5 6.97
194866 194866 - 29.d 364 222 750 5.74 145 3.76 596900 287.9 175.3 6360 0.72 14.8 35.2 4.3 1140 1538 0.36 47.1 307 34
194866 194866 - 30.d 346.9 43.8 600 3.95 75 2.59 607400 277.2 129.3 5788 0.37 5.92 14.4 0.24 195.9 1435 0.35 40.9 1660 8.8
194866 194866 - 31.d 356.5 107.3 9300 4.94 80 19.8 595000 292.6 181 9360 0.16 9.98 13.6 59.8 13000 4683 0.15 60.8 10630 340
194866 194866 - 32.d 409 1720 51100 3.92 105 4.26 598200 296.8 187.4 12800 0.63 4.96 13.5 0.206 279.2 4830 0.12 57.9 18800 15.55
194866 194866 - 33.d 348.9 104 1950 6.84 185 2.84 596300 296.9 274.5 5860 0.415 5.66 18.1 0.89 144 3165 0.365 46.7 2430 8.78
194866 194866 - 34.d 385 680 1400 4.25 105 2.19 592800 298.2 235.7 9810 0.25 9.1 36.8 0.61 237 6310 0.2 39.2 8400 14.2
194866 194866 - 35.d 350.2 53.9 1470 4.4 115 1.77 601900 286.2 134.3 4143 0.135 6.64 25.4 0.78 69.9 628 0.125 22.1 233 3.7
194866 194866 - 36.d 360.9 298 395 3.49 65 3.97 599300 265.8 105.3 9010 1.85 14.9 24 1.27 253.3 2030 0.36 47.1 3410 14.17
194866 194866 - 38.d 347.4 38.8 550 2.67 80 3.77 598900 274.8 160.2 5494 0.105 5.1 11.53 3.59 524 2030 0.205 48.5 1100 22.3
194866 194866 - 39.d 346.1 51.5 550 3.08 90 2.25 595300 286.5 135.6 5290 0.1 4.34 11.3 0.198 155.7 2689 0.216 49.3 200.1 8.21
194866 194866 - 40.d 364 139 700 4.62 285 2.9 598000 255.6 247 5500 0.83 11.8 18 1.89 189 1830 0.28 45.8 466 9.7
194866 194866 - 42.d 353 48.9 600 4.4 80 2.9 593000 304.5 131.1 5540 0.095 6.37 29.8 1.22 347 2119 0.13 48.8 2400 18
194866 194866 - 43.d 347.6 27.2 800 4.42 110 3.01 595800 274.5 118.2 4553 0.225 6.47 16.2 0.275 148.6 1422 0.305 44.4 420 7.55
194866 194866 - 44.d 356 121 1560 4.26 130 3.6 606000 274.9 304.2 3800 0.245 6.8 32.4 12 559 660 0.07 38.4 15.8 25.8
194866 194866 - 45.d 516 3900 6000 4.47 70 3.99 595600 293.3 158.4 8880 3.4 28.9 86.1 0.82 148 1734 0.3 38.8 415.1 8.54
194866 194866 - 46.d 350.9 34.8 380 3.27 65 3.01 596700 279.2 149.3 5130 0.07 3.86 9.5 0.174 197.7 1577 0.115 41 890 9.62
194866 194866 - 47.d 354.8 41.1 400 2.26 49.5 2.78 595900 302.5 183 7070 0.18 2.69 8.47 0.092 217.9 3250 0.2 55.7 4420 12.74
194866 194866 - 48.d 351.5 33.8 380 2.94 35.5 2.26 599200 303.8 102.5 4890 0.085 3.85 15.7 0.122 135.3 1054 0.27 28.03 475 7.8
194866 194866 - 49.d 352.8 51.1 435 4.07 70 3.58 598600 263.4 144.7 7820 0.19 4.47 26 0.142 265.2 2954 0.111 51.1 6410 15.26
194866 194866 - 50.d 350.8 26.4 290 2.2 39.5 3.52 592200 281.6 105.9 4269 0.195 4.3 9.46 0.115 135.9 720 0.35 30.77 218 7.44
194866 194866 - 51.d 361 69.1 600 3.82 125 3.42 590700 280.1 162.5 5720 0.175 12.3 89 0.57 223 2422 0.08 54.9 1850 12.5
194866 194866 - 52.d 360.6 117 850 2.92 140 3.99 601600 253.3 84 4123 0.19 3.66 14 1.01 168 197.5 0.34 19.69 43.7 6.82
194874 194874 - 1.d 353.7 91 5660 5.08 47 2.86 601900 221.3 54.9 12250 0.115 4.15 7.96 1.15 266.4 8989 2.04 54.1 7260 17.8
194874 194874 - 2.d 364.4 261 475 13.39 65 2.05 603700 205.6 126.7 9270 0.49 11.77 10.6 1.71 212.1 3164 2.92 55.4 7760 13.93
194874 194874 - 3.d 357.2 195 8400 10.5 65 2.37 597900 216 78.4 11760 0.185 7.46 9.53 2.73 206.9 9109 3.24 55.8 6470 14.48
194874 194874 - 4.d 391 570 970 4.03 50 2.4 597500 202.2 31.81 8560 0.55 2.49 9.96 0.35 189.9 2781 3.56 53 3690 11.79
194874 194874 - 5.d 371.8 458 9400 8.42 40.5 23.8 601500 242.5 140.2 14870 0.55 7.05 8.95 53.1 17700 11120 2.35 69.8 10710 444
194874 194874 - 6.d 342.5 111.7 3660 4.32 65 2.98 600500 219.9 60.6 12710 0.39 4.36 9.9 1.49 288.3 9994 2.03 55.8 3140 18.74
194874 194874 - 7.d 350.8 133 330 9.3 70 2.22 598700 214 76 10810 0.15 11.1 9.17 0.698 182.4 8400 3.05 53.5 4810 14.07
194874 194874 - 8.d 346.6 75.3 410 3.66 60 2.64 600000 200.9 65 13080 0.35 2.47 8.22 0.24 291 8243 1.78 53.9 3740 17.48
194874 194874 - 9.d 346.9 96.4 235 4.14 65 2.4 597800 220.1 61 12690 0.165 2.52 7.71 0.114 214.3 14030 1.67 46.1 7.89 10.14
194874 194874 - 10.d 365 172 2570 7.8 60 2.66 612000 218.8 63.9 9820 0.0345 11.6 10.8 0.367 209.6 6660 3.32 40.2 5240 12.73454 J.K. P ORTERAppendix D  Table 1 Page 66 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file
194866 194866 - 19.d
194866 194866 - 20.d
194866 194866 - 21.d
194866 194866 - 22.d
194866 194866 - 23.d
194866 194866 - 25.d
194866 194866 - 26.d
194866 194866 - 27.d
194866 194866 - 28.d
194866 194866 - 29.d
194866 194866 - 30.d
194866 194866 - 31.d
194866 194866 - 32.d
194866 194866 - 33.d
194866 194866 - 34.d
194866 194866 - 35.d
194866 194866 - 36.d
194866 194866 - 38.d
194866 194866 - 39.d
194866 194866 - 40.d
194866 194866 - 42.d
194866 194866 - 43.d
194866 194866 - 44.d
194866 194866 - 45.d
194866 194866 - 46.d
194866 194866 - 47.d
194866 194866 - 48.d
194866 194866 - 49.d
194866 194866 - 50.d
194866 194866 - 51.d
194866 194866 - 52.d
194874 194874 - 1.d
194874 194874 - 2.d
194874 194874 - 3.d
194874 194874 - 4.d
194874 194874 - 5.d
194874 194874 - 6.d
194874 194874 - 7.d
194874 194874 - 8.d
194874 194874 - 9.d
194874 194874 - 10.dTa W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Th U Group C Rocktype Rock Unit
87.7 322.4 2.5 34.41 3.2 0.292 1.07 39.72 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, The Diamonds Hill
94.3 391 3.3 43.4 4.35 1.52 12.5 44.7 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, The Diamonds Hill
167.1 490 2.9 56.4 7.31 3.54 3.05 55.9 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, The Diamonds Hill
627 1068 3.4 85.8 8.24 1.41 0.539 87.1 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, The Diamonds Hill
537 599 4 85.6 8.46 1.81 4.7 85.1 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, The Diamonds Hill
346 1145 2.85 115.8 10.43 0.678 1.68 116.4 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, The Diamonds Hill
279 436.2 2.45 54.7 5.18 0.36 1.36 60.8 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, The Diamonds Hill
30.1 373 6 36.3 6.42 5.53 30.8 31.87 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, The Diamonds Hill
62.9 68.5 5.5 41.8 4.79 2.04 4.75 46.4 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, The Diamonds Hill
110.6 228 5.5 33.8 4.32 2.39 14.6 34.25 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, The Diamonds Hill
84.8 389 3.15 70.6 6.42 0.761 3.84 73.8 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, The Diamonds Hill
577 864 3.05 95.3 10.04 3.29 10.5 87.3 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, The Diamonds Hill
1541 1066 3.7 114.7 11.06 1.89 3.7 118.5 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, The Diamonds Hill
283 514 8 56.9 10.55 10.54 3.58 42.9 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, The Diamonds Hill
411.7 1428 3.65 122 12.1 1.86 4.8 162 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, The Diamonds Hill
17.1 321.1 5 23.62 3.31 2.22 4.09 21.32 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, The Diamonds Hill
118.3 885 2.1 82.6 8.75 2.88 21.3 84.4 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, The Diamonds Hill
68.5 251 4.55 52.9 5.77 1.58 2.59 56 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, The Diamonds Hill
50.7 165 3 44.6 4.64 1.31 7.53 46.03 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, The Diamonds Hill
110.3 260.6 10.5 42.1 4.63 1.62 4.3 41.3 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, The Diamonds Hill
120.4 546 3.15 62.5 6.83 1.52 1.44 69.5 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, The Diamonds Hill
35.8 188 6 48 4.62 0.96 1.62 45.8 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, The Diamonds Hill
3.6 34.2 5.5 30.9 4.56 2.71 4.51 37.2 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, The Diamonds Hill
80.1 586 6.7 35.46 7.14 5.2 14.7 36.2 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, The Diamonds Hill
68.6 367 2.8 69.3 6.01 0.325 0.83 71.5 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, The Diamonds Hill
417 904 2.25 73.1 6.83 1.05 2.35 76.4 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, The Diamonds Hill
22 294 2.35 41.4 3.76 0.397 0.72 45.8 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, The Diamonds Hill
320.7 998 3.2 98.1 8.93 0.911 0.189 97.9 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, The Diamonds Hill
23.7 222.2 1.95 33.43 2.9 0.249 0.706 38.57 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, The Diamonds Hill
246 548 5 69.3 6.99 1.67 4.3 79 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, The Diamonds Hill
37.6 59.2 6.5 42.7 4.48 1.05 3.36 43.5 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, The Diamonds Hill
595 2804 1.5 8.92 1.41 1.98 8.69 9.96 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Tower Peak
102.3 1806 2.45 27.13 5.35 4.85 7.91 24.17 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Tower Peak
341.6 2378 7.7 14.55 6.13 6.28 5.76 8.53 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Tower Peak
157 1977 1.9 6.04 0.94 0.61 0.155 5.79 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Tower Peak
1821 3920 5 81.4 8.47 2.32 12.6 86 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Tower Peak
3051 3557 2.5 11.9 2.48 2.15 4.15 9.35 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Tower Peak
776 2447 3.5 9.22 2.08 1.76 3.08 9.11 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Tower Peak
392.1 1942 2 45.8 5.16 1.22 0.26 58.4 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Tower Peak
193 3044 1.45 35 3.08 0.096 0.198 43.32 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Tower Peak
574 2190 2.05 8.88 1.99 1.85 3.23 9.8 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Tower PeakAppendix D J.K. P ORTER 455Appendix D  Table 1 Page 67 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file Mg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf
194874 194874 - 11.d 347 109.2 360 5.82 55 3.05 599900 239.9 177.1 17950 0.29 6.05 9.33 0.578 226.7 9434 2.11 59.1 5170 16.11
194874 194874 - 12.d 391 620 24700 4.2 70 2.99 603600 201.1 60.9 10960 0.185 5.1 9.02 3.86 419 8140 2.44 58.2 5210 22.3
194874 194874 - 13.d 361.3 178 440 3.9 55 2.55 595900 213.6 71.6 11460 0.15 8.1 9.63 0.429 287.4 10950 2.3 54.9 4080 16.16
194874 194874 - 14.d 349.1 117 335 4.7 48 2.54 595200 226.1 90 10740 0.17 15.5 9.4 0.52 251 6370 3 52.6 7300 15.5
194874 194874 - 15.d 350.4 115.3 455 6.35 55 2.6 603200 218.1 69.3 12390 0.12 7.81 10.2 1.66 284.2 6943 2.74 51.2 7460 16.28
194874 194874 - 16.d 347.5 126 2190 2.89 46.5 2.51 604900 229.6 46 13550 0.26 2.63 8.3 0.142 291.3 13280 2.08 50 6410 17.31
194874 194874 - 17.d 346.6 62.6 7700 3.3 44 3.92 589000 207.3 113.4 12800 0.65 3.41 8.93 0.483 237.7 6130 2.91 79.4 5660 14.27
194874 194874 - 18.d 354.3 92 680 3.48 42.5 2.38 599800 212.1 81.9 11180 0.135 3.76 9.22 0.508 208.2 10310 2.41 58.5 4770 14.81
194874 194874 - 19.d 350.8 84 310 2.76 50 2.39 600700 203.6 51.6 10640 0.194 3.17 8.03 0.194 265.9 11910 2.39 50.3 344 12.24
194874 194874 - 20.d 358.2 180 300 2.34 43.5 2.69 602900 209.4 56.5 11110 0.224 2.85 8.45 0.302 272.8 11148 2.38 54 1109 18.07
194874 194874 - 21.d 346.9 111.7 1210 2.48 60 3.36 604700 234.9 88.7 13520 0.1 3.26 7.98 0.17 297.8 7625 2.27 57.8 11930 18.31
194874 194874 - 22.d 344.7 43.7 280 2.94 37 2.34 597100 192 56.4 9020 0.25 2.52 8.48 0.265 273.2 8076 2.15 55.1 176 17.56
194874 194874 - 23.d 368.5 295 3710 3.03 37.5 2.75 601200 217.5 69.4 11480 0.2 5.39 9.73 5.7 422 11990 2.72 55.3 2730 21.5
194874 194874 - 24.d 347.3 96.8 730 2.98 47 5.2 600300 225.8 150 15390 0.25 3.66 8.36 0.44 305.6 15630 1.67 80.3 7140 17.51
194874 194874 - 25.d 348.5 97.9 950 3.08 49.5 2.28 596000 216.9 66.8 11370 0.1 6.13 9.43 0.11 257.2 10650 2.83 55.1 3270 15.06
194874 194874 - 26.d 348.5 89.3 940 3.37 42.5 2.67 604700 210.9 58.6 9880 0.09 4.22 8.44 1.9 301 8340 3.19 53.6 3540 18.32
194874 194874 - 27.d 392 1290 49000 6.11 206 3.21 595400 206.2 120.8 13450 0.75 8.6 13.6 7.8 194.3 5770 3.07 63.9 5110 12.12
194874 194874 - 28.d 352.6 85.9 420 2.46 55 2.54 605100 215.5 58 12520 0.17 2.66 8.59 0.156 283.8 10072 1.97 51.2 5310 17.63
194874 194874 - 29.d 360.3 157 1840 3.02 48 2.52 606000 214.4 99.9 10680 0.26 6.07 10.5 72 335 8646 2.81 59.8 4310 19.18
194874 194874 - 30.d 350.9 520 5000 4.65 131 4.47 597900 220.4 122.4 11630 0.15 6.2 11.5 4.7 258.3 9290 2.33 81.6 6660 15.23
194874 194874 - 31.d 350.4 66.6 315 2.96 31 2.31 601300 200.8 67.2 10680 0.065 3.7 8.95 0.14 292.4 10492 1.68 52.4 198 17.22
194874 194874 - 32.d 484 4250 6280 3.36 760 4.39 603000 240.2 106.4 183000 27.5 10.94 53 62.6 229.6 5712 3.01 56.5 5690 12.76
194874 194874 - 33.d 352.7 329 430 3.61 50 2.45 594300 223.2 54 11140 0.2 7.4 8.78 6.6 366 8460 2.83 56.2 5730 17.6
194874 194874 - 34.d 362.1 157 435 3.38 44.5 6.9 599100 214.9 67.7 12010 0.24 16.6 13 75 1040 11329 2.22 56.6 4410 29.8
194874 194874 - 35.d 574 6920 12800 3.84 1150 3.18 598600 221.7 63 13460 0.58 3.76 15.1 116 251.3 11290 3.51 55.3 5050 15.37
194874 194874 - 36.d 354.6 251 880 4.75 60 2.38 602200 226.5 80.1 11500 0.125 7.25 9.13 3.99 266.2 9430 3.29 59.8 6250 16.1
194874 194874 - 37.d 350.8 116 1700 3.06 39.5 4.68 597900 226 58.3 11900 0.31 4.21 9.11 7.5 2290 7510 2.94 59.9 7880 67
194874 194874 - 38.d 341.8 76.4 690 2.37 46.5 2.39 598800 212 49.4 11220 0.27 2.39 8.66 0.781 243.1 10310 2.57 52.1 3740 16.39
194874 194874 - 39.d 344.8 125.8 320 2.15 50 3.6 602800 210.9 45.2 13420 0.57 3.08 7.54 0.087 305.4 8049 1.55 57.3 8840 16.73
194874 194874 - 40.d 466 1960 28300 4.83 60 2.85 602800 204.8 96.3 10690 0.79 20.7 9.33 1.039 175.6 7752 2.91 63.2 4820 13.18
194874 194874 - 41.d 346.7 81 330 3.23 50 2.29 598200 189.6 63.8 7105 0.15 5.51 8.69 1.37 214 2274 3.91 55.1 3318 11.64
194874 194874 - 42.d 349.5 111.7 3030 3.17 39.5 2.71 599400 216.5 66.3 12570 0.21 4.83 10 0.58 288.7 11590 2 54.8 5480 15.93
194874 194874 - 43.d 351.7 150 650 2.64 60 2.37 594700 201 63 10600 0.28 2.51 9.03 0.277 306.6 9720 1.7 52.8 2430 17.62
194874 194874 - 44.d 347.7 350 730 1.82 46.5 2.55 599900 193 21.13 7912 0.26 2.22 9.98 3.23 278.2 3958 1.95 46.3 1428 13.72
194874 194874 - 45.d 346 94.7 187000 1.41 49.5 5.55 600000 226.6 69.8 13130 0.2 3.13 7.49 0.78 237.6 14560 2.78 58.1 4524 15.41
194874 194874 - 46.d 492 1960 3890 2.96 55 4 601700 243 84.2 16160 1.02 3.46 11.46 0.13 305.9 14730 1.72 57.4 7730 18.01
194874 194874 - 47.d 352.3 152 295 2.06 42.5 2.6 601200 198.3 54.4 11020 0.075 2.33 7.89 3.09 511 10917 2.03 52.2 1662 23.6
194874 194874 - 48.d 377 1220 1580 2.81 137 2.82 603300 207 55.6 12150 0.19 4.54 11.2 15.6 287.2 12090 2.48 57.5 4240 17.35
194874 194874 - 49.d 348.9 92.2 10200 2.22 55 3.85 599500 215.1 68.1 11940 0.25 2.57 8.03 0.54 316 14570 1.6 56.6 554 17.25
194874 194874 - 50.d 343.1 77.9 370 2.73 40 2.26 601600 209.2 98.5 11440 0.45 4.3 8.3 0.185 250.5 7100 2.71 55.4 5820 15.72
194874 194874 - 51.d 346.7 66.7 275 2.87 55 2.33 598700 213.9 48.2 10400 0.13 4.33 7.73 0.295 221.3 9394 3.19 54.4 3030 14.69456 J.K. P ORTERAppendix D  Table 1 Page 68 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file
194874 194874 - 11.d
194874 194874 - 12.d
194874 194874 - 13.d
194874 194874 - 14.d
194874 194874 - 15.d
194874 194874 - 16.d
194874 194874 - 17.d
194874 194874 - 18.d
194874 194874 - 19.d
194874 194874 - 20.d
194874 194874 - 21.d
194874 194874 - 22.d
194874 194874 - 23.d
194874 194874 - 24.d
194874 194874 - 25.d
194874 194874 - 26.d
194874 194874 - 27.d
194874 194874 - 28.d
194874 194874 - 29.d
194874 194874 - 30.d
194874 194874 - 31.d
194874 194874 - 32.d
194874 194874 - 33.d
194874 194874 - 34.d
194874 194874 - 35.d
194874 194874 - 36.d
194874 194874 - 37.d
194874 194874 - 38.d
194874 194874 - 39.d
194874 194874 - 40.d
194874 194874 - 41.d
194874 194874 - 42.d
194874 194874 - 43.d
194874 194874 - 44.d
194874 194874 - 45.d
194874 194874 - 46.d
194874 194874 - 47.d
194874 194874 - 48.d
194874 194874 - 49.d
194874 194874 - 50.d
194874 194874 - 51.dTa W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Th U Group C Rocktype Rock Unit
23830 2156 3.15 7.8 1.38 1.086 1.506 6.87 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Tower Peak
454.4 1943 30.4 40.5 32.2 30.95 3.53 11.38 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Tower Peak
479 1610 3.15 38.8 5.96 4.9 8 38.1 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Tower Peak
583 3160 2.4 13.5 3.5 3.8 5.3 12.5 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Tower Peak
390.5 3369 2.55 37.2 4.81 2.85 3.82 40.5 4 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Tower Peak
503 2518 1.9 35.3 4.34 1.39 0.217 41.7 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Tower Peak
306.7 3135 1.95 2.09 0.64 0.722 0.733 1.47 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Tower Peak
757.2 2016 2.35 14 2.12 1.52 1.68 12.97 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Tower Peak
81.7 1041 1.35 24.27 2.43 0.525 0.594 26.96 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Tower Peak
1018.8 1856 2.4 10.99 1.69 0.89 0.835 10.55 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Tower Peak
507 4490 1.6 42.3 3.53 0.229 0.067 46.5 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Tower Peak
262.8 1041 1.5 9.44 1.28 0.525 0.657 9.93 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Tower Peak
596 1539 16.2 27.7 16.03 15.05 3.77 14.1 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Tower Peak
665 3017 2.3 68.5 7.1 1.48 0.37 74.8 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Tower Peak
640 1627 1.65 41 3.62 0.32 0.835 45.3 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Tower Peak
523.9 1548 25.4 35.69 26.57 24.91 0.958 11.78 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Tower Peak
369 2374 62.1 91.4 61.7 71.7 25.6 10.22 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Tower Peak
450 2790 1.85 34.6 3.11 0.215 0.187 39.3 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Tower Peak
384.5 1837 15.8 54 19 340 2700 49 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Tower Peak
1169 2550 66 78 62 77 14.6 3.97 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Tower Peak
80.4 667.2 2.2 18.09 1.87 0.482 0.349 19.44 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Tower Peak
267.5 2404 2.05 5.38 1.26 1.38 14.45 5.34 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Tower Peak
906 2271 19.4 31.1 17.4 21.6 10.8 9.61 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Tower Peak
575.9 1760 3 44.9 7.2 6.2 190 200 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Tower Peak
968 2150 2.2 26.97 4.86 3.62 3.22 25.8 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Tower Peak
940 2253 3.15 15.18 2.26 1.75 3.65 13.91 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Tower Peak
701.8 3680 5.5 21.6 5.56 4.58 3.5 15.35 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Tower Peak
897 1825 2.55 15.56 3.83 3.02 2.46 13.53 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Tower Peak
133.4 4430 1.45 140.2 12.23 0.0165 0.0022 155.8 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Tower Peak
440.8 2265 5.2 16.59 6.95 7.84 8.3 9.44 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Tower Peak
107.8 1944 2.05 6.95 1.59 1.43 3.43 4.94 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Tower Peak
592 2227 2.2 34.92 3.91 1.52 1.08 36.6 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Tower Peak
238.6 969 5 51.1 4.49 0.114 0.085 56.7 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Tower Peak
100.8 622.2 2.25 153 15.9 3.3 0.0285 168 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Tower Peak
470 2193 2.75 14.08 2.57 1.98 3.79 12.64 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Tower Peak
741 3710 2.35 51.2 5.86 1.68 0.457 57.88 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Tower Peak
313 1173 2.1 39.6 3.63 0.509 1.68 43.01 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Tower Peak
408 1230 2.2 51.9 5.13 1.11 1.53 51.5 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Tower Peak
708.8 1096 2.35 58.2 5.96 1.27 0.77 65.06 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Tower Peak
345.1 2490 1.65 28.07 2.54 0.51 0.525 28 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Tower Peak
709 1860 2.7 8.39 1.39 0.871 1.22 7.98 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Tower PeakAppendix D J.K. P ORTER 457Appendix D  Table 1 Page 69 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file Mg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf
194874 194874 - 52.d 350.4 74.9 375 2.1 50 2.82 598100 206.4 208.8 9390 0.224 2.34 7.91 0.087 297.5 3655 2.23 55.8 6690 17.41
194874 194874 - 53.d 346 41.8 375 2.59 48.5 1.97 606100 195 61.5 6408 0.22 3.67 8.89 0.108 165.7 1697 4.36 55.8 2724 9.84
194874 194874 - 54.d 425 1710 2710 2.99 65 2.56 598500 222.1 95.5 11750 0.59 7.5 11.9 2.43 193.7 8570 2.81 63.7 7750 13.2
194874 194874 - 55.d 349.2 107 295 1.44 46 2.4 602000 204.3 85.1 11160 0.142 3.29 8.66 0.179 272.2 10260 2 50.3 1217 16.71
194874 194874 - 56.d 351.5 191.1 325 2.44 44.5 2.57 601200 211.4 54.9 12830 0.35 3.9 9.49 1.73 262 11306 2.6 49.8 1860 18.1
194874 194874 - 57.d 349.4 187 360 2.16 85 2.34 597500 212.4 60.3 11840 0.19 2.83 9.6 1.88 415 11310 2.21 53.4 4000 22.6
194874 194874 - 58.d 347.3 173 370 3.14 41 2.6 596100 221.7 72.1 11520 0.3 5.35 15.8 8.4 287.7 10610 2.63 56.9 5410 17.36
194874 194874 - 59.d 366.8 201 375 3.23 48 2.63 607300 199.8 84.8 9650 0.16 7.97 10.58 9.5 337 7610 3.62 57.9 3590 18.12
194874 194874 - 60.d 361 181 760 2.6 49.5 2.48 599800 219.4 87.4 11850 0.21 8.1 9.7 0.134 261.2 10920 2.63 58.5 4710 14.43
194875 194875 - 1.d 294.9 47.6 3260 2.59 60 3.63 606300 215.4 45 8460 0.16 1.69 4.49 0.098 207.7 3483 1.49 76.3 11010 12.33
194875 194875 - 2.d 288 80.4 460 2.24 60 3.87 605400 230.7 64.6 11160 0.18 1.86 4.37 0.081 232 5079 1.27 76.2 19120 13.71
194875 194875 - 3.d 295.7 137.7 335 2.09 65 2.65 606200 216.3 32.1 7709 0.22 2.5 5.75 0.428 279.7 3462 2.21 48.3 7320 18.48
194875 194875 - 4.d 285.6 122.5 46900 2.26 75 4.04 605800 235.9 136.7 12620 0.26 2.53 4.4 0.19 237.7 5420 1.45 81.9 22200 14.07
194875 194875 - 5.d 289.7 88.3 365 2.41 75 4.49 604000 226.1 66.2 11760 0.16 1.7 4.75 0.22 250.6 5930 1.19 85.2 19460 14.81
194875 194875 - 6.d 295.3 352 4200 4.33 90 21.5 598800 196.4 50.3 7210 0.19 13.2 8.1 287 9100 2793 2.22 68.6 2333 199
194875 194875 - 7.d 288.1 140 370 2.25 90 4.8 605300 227.7 28.2 13960 0.17 2.6 5.02 7.8 720 10083 1.57 63.2 16080 40.6
194875 194875 - 8.d 287 58 8400 2.49 70 21.2 604300 203.6 54.1 7070 0.12 7.35 5.71 32.7 24000 2731 1.77 79.4 5120 660
194875 194875 - 9.d 280.8 27.8 265 2.37 65 2.55 605900 201.1 28 6493 0.16 3.67 4.69 0.143 155.7 3250 1.86 69.1 3110 9.71
194875 194875 - 10.d 278 39.6 330 2.37 70 3.18 606400 211.3 67.5 7600 0.11 2.23 4.13 0.123 197.3 2813 1.66 72.1 9250 11.98
194875 194875 - 11.d 288.8 146 380 0.65 80 4.17 600700 237.3 85.3 32500 2.13 4.38 15.1 0.73 328 5801 1.42 74.4 24360 15
194875 194875 - 12.d 284.8 54.7 440 2.51 85 2.44 601400 201.3 64.7 6660 0.05 8.3 5.99 0.188 158.7 2812 1.68 73.1 4510 9.64
194875 194875 - 13.d 291.1 135 380 3.76 80 2.38 607300 194.6 71.1 7940 0.11 7.6 7.6 0.58 159.5 2205 1.83 70.7 4500 9.57
194875 194875 - 14.d 296.2 296 810 3.51 85 4.74 603200 241.5 83.4 15630 0.175 8.5 7.29 0.6 275 7750 1.2 89.5 29510 16.14
194875 194875 - 15.d 294.2 104.3 440 2.49 85 3.56 603300 221.9 57.5 10040 0.16 6.97 8.08 0.152 219.5 4087 1.51 80.3 14180 12.55
194875 194875 - 16.d 291.4 256.5 15000 2.9 80 6.45 600300 260.2 82 21300 0.175 1.74 5.22 0.229 287.2 12250 1.07 92.8 44660 16.76
194875 194875 - 17.d 293.7 80 660 2.63 65 3.63 608700 227 98 12330 0.175 5.04 5.27 0.92 272.1 13830 1.47 71.6 4410 16.51
194875 194875 - 18.d 307 150 430 1.3 115 2.91 605000 184.1 82 6940 0.6 23.5 12.3 17 187 3147 2.47 64.6 2920 10.3
194875 194875 - 19.d 296 91.8 1040 2.11 85 3.04 603700 198.2 68.1 7270 0.125 9.5 5.93 0.275 158.6 2433 1.95 77.3 5760 9.28
194875 194875 - 20.d 296.7 101.4 470 2.47 85 4.07 604100 232.3 119 12170 0.205 1.57 4.09 0.083 245 5305 1.19 83.7 23740 14.5
194875 194875 - 21.d 292.8 125.5 500 2.17 90 4.96 607500 247.3 73.7 15460 0.22 3.01 4.88 0.125 251.2 8223 1.26 85.1 27920 14.28
194875 194875 - 22.d 315.4 600 650 3.3 120 2.86 602900 205.5 149 10210 0.22 27.6 8 0.58 180.5 3162 2.7 81.3 8240 9.6
194875 194875 - 26.d 294.2 30.1 405 2.51 60 1.97 604100 195.9 48.4 6280 0.145 3.57 4.87 0.204 136.8 2764 2.03 63.9 2844 8.55
194875 194875 - 27.d 288.2 43.7 870 1.05 90 2.13 605800 187.9 43.7 6780 0.16 3.95 5.35 0.221 132.2 2519 2.15 62.1 2925 8.54
194875 194875 - 28.d 304.4 205 3450 2.55 105 3.31 604900 203.1 115.1 8330 0.155 3.51 5.28 1.55 1000 2482 1.38 69.3 6420 30.8
194875 194875 - 29.d 297.6 45.8 185 2.86 75 2.34 604100 199.5 46.7 7560 0.155 3.35 5.89 0.165 172.7 2290 1.69 69.4 4309 10.74
194875 194875 - 30.d 297.8 122.1 285 2.88 55 5.16 605900 242 112.1 14790 0.22 1.41 4.51 0.124 265.8 7440 0.95 85.5 27670 15.2
195237 195237Z - 1.d 254 142.6 6990 5.4 80 7.08 600000 1371 450.6 798 0.18 1.78 2.96 0.074 732.8 1811 19.14 4.53 0.05 33.44
195237 195237Z - 2.d 2940 5730 34700 9.2 1640 172.1 602200 1022 774 87100 34.1 16.6 58 369.1 119 2227 8.11 53.3 139.7 4.39
195237 195237Z - 3.d 260.7 64 6500 4.7 85 2.14 603800 3860 2635 233 0.18 2.23 3.59 2.53 1092.2 3515 8.93 9.59 6.45 33.8
195237 195237Z - 4.d 260.9 6.3 6590 8 100 1.62 602000 4.87 3.55 395 0.15 5 2.69 0.13 51.9 1487 0.15 0.327 1.69 2.65
195237 195237Z - 5.d 536 688 7060 5.3 115 7.69 603100 104.6 5 1304 0.72 5.35 7.01 1.6 384.6 565.1 0.8 2.15 15.7 12.05458 J.K. P ORTERAppendix D  Table 1 Page 70 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file
194874 194874 - 52.d
194874 194874 - 53.d
194874 194874 - 54.d
194874 194874 - 55.d
194874 194874 - 56.d
194874 194874 - 57.d
194874 194874 - 58.d
194874 194874 - 59.d
194874 194874 - 60.d
194875 194875 - 1.d
194875 194875 - 2.d
194875 194875 - 3.d
194875 194875 - 4.d
194875 194875 - 5.d
194875 194875 - 6.d
194875 194875 - 7.d
194875 194875 - 8.d
194875 194875 - 9.d
194875 194875 - 10.d
194875 194875 - 11.d
194875 194875 - 12.d
194875 194875 - 13.d
194875 194875 - 14.d
194875 194875 - 15.d
194875 194875 - 16.d
194875 194875 - 17.d
194875 194875 - 18.d
194875 194875 - 19.d
194875 194875 - 20.d
194875 194875 - 21.d
194875 194875 - 22.d
194875 194875 - 26.d
194875 194875 - 27.d
194875 194875 - 28.d
194875 194875 - 29.d
194875 194875 - 30.d
195237 195237Z - 1.d
195237 195237Z - 2.d
195237 195237Z - 3.d
195237 195237Z - 4.d
195237 195237Z - 5.dTa W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Th U Group C Rocktype Rock Unit
196.9 2266 2.45 130.9 11.44 0.023 0.0095 154.4 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Tower Peak
89.2 1407 2.1 9.79 0.95 0.307 0.202 8.89 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Tower Peak
666 2616 11.1 23.8 14.3 15.9 10.7 8.28 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Tower Peak
220 1142 2.05 24.46 2.34 0.304 0.434 28.28 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Tower Peak
1810 2607 1.95 16.22 3.37 1.94 2.97 9.09 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Tower Peak
963 1998 2.35 11.13 2.31 1.8 1.46 9.96 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Tower Peak
587.1 1602 46 101 54 47 1.53 61.4 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Tower Peak
400 1680 12.3 25.2 16.1 15.8 6.99 10.42 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Tower Peak
454 1886 2.55 59.1 5.98 1.46 0.319 61.4 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Tower Peak
101 798.6 2.25 69.4 6.2 0.176 0.0334 83.39 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Mt Ragged
119.1 890.9 1.95 80.2 6.99 0.117 0.0036 95.9 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Mt Ragged
121.7 511.4 10.7 181.3 26.2 10.89 0.554 190 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Mt Ragged
199 907 1.8 88.7 9.29 1.6 0.296 98.3 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Mt Ragged
134.6 892 2.7 85.9 7.66 0.12 0.036 97.1 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Mt Ragged
130.1 575.4 32 94 36 34.3 40.7 134 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Mt Ragged
476 1293 4.2 170.8 16.88 3.05 3.75 187.3 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Mt Ragged
33.88 696 1.85 82.3 8.19 1.56 6.9 81.5 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Mt Ragged
201.9 551 1.8 53.9 4.94 0.403 0.478 61.17 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Mt Ragged
63.4 758.7 2.2 64.4 5.56 0.047 0.0032 80.3 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Mt Ragged
260.2 737 2.15 89.4 9.31 2.06 0.58 93.87 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Mt Ragged
133.4 682 2.7 60.6 6.09 1.1 0.682 63.6 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Mt Ragged
100.4 627 13.6 67.7 15.8 11.4 1.49 59.2 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Mt Ragged
458 963 6.3 99.4 9.12 0.53 0.51 109.9 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Mt Ragged
56.1 896.3 5.7 80.1 7.6 0.76 0.311 87.58 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Mt Ragged
682 1003 2.25 109.8 11.98 2.85 0.241 122.3 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Mt Ragged
479 1660 7.1 22.63 8.46 7.46 0.809 16.53 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Mt Ragged
224.9 775 2.95 40.5 7.6 7.8 51 45.7 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Mt Ragged
77.1 684 2.15 60.5 6.55 1.95 0.874 63.9 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Mt Ragged
142.9 986.6 2.1 87.8 7.57 0.0245 0.0064 104.76 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Mt Ragged
210.9 923 6.5 83.8 8.08 1.09 0.182 98.46 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Mt Ragged
63.6 875 3.4 58.3 6.75 2.06 1.34 69.5 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Mt Ragged
116.8 605.5 2 51.4 5.29 1.18 0.676 56.2 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Mt Ragged
162.9 541.4 1.7 45.37 4.46 0.696 0.829 52.17 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Mt Ragged
159 533 2.35 67.1 6.76 1.34 0.56 73.3 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Mt Ragged
135.9 624.6 2.05 53.4 5.32 0.829 0.285 63.7 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Mt Ragged
186.3 1010 1.9 93.1 8.07 0.057 0.0155 110.9 5 psammitic schist Albany-Fraser, Ragged Basin, Mt Ragged Fm, Mt Ragged
33.47 24.59 1.95 13.71 1.27 0.03 0.00355 16.81 5 sandstone Musgrave Province
148.8 1241 146 169.9 139.6 152.7 230.1 33.17 5 sandstone Musgrave Province
115.6 42.4 3.4 6.66 1.6 1.63 7.39 6.18 5 sandstone Musgrave Province
99.6 24.5 3.45 1.17 0.885 0.843 0.539 0.598 5 sandstone Musgrave Province
31.4 69.6 3.75 8.47 3.6 4.16 10.37 8.74 5 sandstone Musgrave ProvinceAppendix D J.K. P ORTER 459Appendix D  Table 1 Page 71 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file Mg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf
195237 195237Z - 6.d 654 1190 8820 2.4 155 13.93 605200 74.2 21.9 8930 2.19 4.99 8.53 3.31 287.2 1112 1.46 1.89 20.74 11.01
195237 195237Z - 7.d 260.6 23.4 6580 2 100 77.6 604800 651 120.1 5384 0.19 1.67 3.16 0.057 1168.8 2473 9.6 447.6 1.01 50.71
195237 195237Z - 8.d 259.9 110.7 6070 2.2 115 7.22 604600 1343 876 1008 0.235 4.12 3.12 1.31 1229.5 4517 40 264.4 0.68 56.3
195237 195237Z - 9.d 440 1025 73500 2.5 145 20.83 601600 1367 703 3430 2.19 3.88 4.95 57.1 25.8 1843 1.81 385.2 111.5 2.78
195237 195237Z - 10.d 275 66 6540 1.75 100 4.12 607700 58.7 3.3 1541 0.19 2.32 3.49 2.51 237.1 1170 0.14 1.05 5.92 9.92
195237 195237Z - 11.d 338.5 559 6890 4.3 110 152.4 600500 2935 219.6 1993 0.17 2.07 4.44 75 51.87 746 0.026 103.5 4.62 3.47
195237 195237Z - 12.d 807 2101 12970 2.35 120 8.67 604400 18.39 4 5650 5.97 11.97 6.5 0.518 285 3300 0.84 0.59 5.04 9.63
195237 195237Z - 13.d 1300 3700 24700 7.1 165 4.36 603900 20.12 6 6960 9.3 17.1 6.03 0.262 210.2 1850 0.09 0.77 3.45 8.23
195237 195237Z - 14.d 310.8 230 7300 3.9 105 1.05 599400 10.54 6.7 1097 0.19 2.8 3.97 0.222 68.8 899 0.258 0.375 2.16 3.16
195237 195237Z - 15.d 845 4330 25500 5.7 498 149.4 599600 194.9 59.2 4740 4.44 7.69 10.5 109 2504 1896 1.97 17.76 46.8 67.4
195237 195237Z - 16.d 768 2320 14220 2.2 2010 3.72 601000 18.3 4.2 6300 2.36 11.1 11.6 6.56 220.6 1225 0.032 0.6 7.43 9.53
195237 195237Z - 17.d 711 3330 13890 5.1 505 131.3 603100 51.3 16 14110 1.2 14 10.9 16.24 435.4 4591 10.32 47.2 14.75 15.75
195237 195237Z - 18.d 1067 2520 13300 2.45 511 36.22 601200 290.4 172.1 6100 3.62 14.1 11.3 12.29 225 2632 2.82 4.26 10.33 5.97
195237 195237Z - 19.d 1162 199.1 6580 2.15 381 28.15 604000 201.9 45 33700 1.28 2.84 11.57 0.887 444.8 806.7 3.48 0.91 9.16 12.38
195237 195237Z - 20.d 402.5 668 7610 5.2 378 212.2 602800 3577 1390 2842 0.66 3.76 5.38 38.55 92.3 6050 1.02 623 3.81 5.73
195237 195237Z - 21.d 858 6600 20000 2.35 470 30.2 606900 1262 225.4 9550 3.04 19.2 10.9 90.9 166 2703 10.57 172 532 8.45
195237 195237Z - 22.d 254.8 28.8 5960 3.4 95 3.16 598300 2033 742 664 0.16 2.36 2.84 0.374 1464 1302 54.4 7.77 0.37 70
195237 195237Z - 23.d 1690 5050 19100 15 4310 9.9 604500 104.7 49 12850 4.54 10 29.3 299 385 13950 1.36 70 140.3 10.02
195237 195237Z - 24.d 277.2 119 9610 4.8 540 1470 604200 1573 73.5 1290 0.37 2.48 4.24 38.6 857 918 0.2 188.1 1.22 61.7
195237 195237Z - 25.d 1660 2810 39200 2.05 1710 203.3 600400 787 334.6 4280 40.9 6.35 27.9 70.6 22.95 1888 0.7 7.75 8.07 0.73
195237 195237Z - 26.d 259.6 44.3 6740 3 105 35.1 602900 538.6 79.3 7130 0.13 1.64 2.85 0.112 565.9 9992 31.1 412.2 0.97 26.6
195237 195237Z - 27.d 440 1338 9340 1.65 413 26.55 603100 279.6 37.2 5960 0.235 5.31 7.84 33.9 105.4 3149 22.1 52.5 25.8 2.78
195237 195237Z - 28.d 284.5 330 6620 3.6 90 65.6 603900 137.5 15.3 4616 0.205 2.35 4.23 9.62 562.8 7892 1.65 42.2 0.66 59.1
195237 195237Z - 29.d 2040 6690 19500 2.45 155 35.9 603700 318.6 120.8 19300 4.66 17.1 12.1 26.95 417 1422 7.1 44.8 207.5 11.43
195237 195237Z - 30.d 304.4 220 5990 1.6 75 2.9 601700 1927 1330 493 0.73 3.07 3.62 0.202 997.9 3072 2.82 9.73 2.09 54.9
195237 195237Z - 31.d 373 401 7810 1.9 270 3.25 603000 22.44 13.8 2472 0.195 2.62 3.78 0.73 178.4 980 0.06 0.373 12.54 7.09
195237 195237Z - 32.d 303.9 81.1 6480 1.7 115 2.23 600900 15.3 2.25 1575 0.19 2.64 3.91 0.384 121.6 1097 0.33 0.52 5.63 5.36
195237 195237Z - 33.d 954 2690 14900 4.4 120 2.5 598500 8.99 2.5 2482 1.66 11.85 5.46 0.581 27.57 2133 0.107 0.48 0.31 1.41
195237 195237Z - 34.d 312.4 138.3 6560 1.75 110 4.85 600200 21.88 6 2236 0.17 1.89 4.29 0.111 185.7 1595 0.28 0.44 13.59 9.82
195237 195237Z - 35.d 555 486 7330 1.75 486 2615 607900 457.9 17.5 1169 1.58 2.88 6.5 87.2 466.2 1479 0.065 145.5 8.77 37.7
195237 195237Z - 36.d 412 5500 13350 4.6 165 37.4 599600 43.2 2.55 7940 0.43 2.23 4.62 39.8 100.7 4225 0.075 9.88 1.67 4.92
195237 195237Z - 37.d 927 1238 9010 2 611 47.5 600500 1639 171.2 5880 9.6 11.38 9.01 150.6 101.6 1855 5.94 273.8 194.4 7.25
195237 195237Z - 38.d 1105 3120 11330 3.8 421 32.4 602700 401 187.2 4250 14.7 4.42 12.4 6.19 22.15 2073 18.5 28.9 5.07 1.07
195237 195237Z - 39.d 534 265 13300 3.1 135 55.3 605300 2705 1163 727 1.67 3.32 8.5 2.54 10.75 1506 0.055 37.3 1.45 0.38
195237 195237Z - 40.d 453 1630 21900 3.9 430 139.6 605400 2037 342.7 2546 1.05 4.21 8.24 48.5 695 1859 41 60 26.4 27.95
195237 195237Z - 41.d 325.6 57.3 6940 2.9 120 1750 605100 581.9 14.3 8390 1.03 2.39 7.68 2.95 858.6 410.3 0.0295 71.7 0.63 66
195237 195237Z - 42.d 1272 5320 15740 2.3 145 25.56 600400 205.2 101.6 5450 16.5 6.23 16.1 20.5 236 1071 3.95 23.9 9.12 14.73
195237 195237Z - 43.d 280.1 132 22900 1.65 95 7.13 606000 2239 1050 1533 0.23 3.4 3.41 10.66 278 2700 10.68 61.9 159.8 10.55
195237 195237Z - 44.d 594 2520 11250 1.8 160 23.57 602600 70.7 22.2 6160 1.72 4.41 8.45 10.75 371.5 4073 6.63 12.67 10.37 20.44
195237 195237Z - 45.d 1578 2330 11330 1.9 466 179.3 607600 485.4 126.7 16000 29.3 5.86 22.5 12.87 15.88 1828 0.48 15.69 14.8 0.66
195237 195237Z - 46.d 573 745 8720 1.8 704 29.8 605200 451 181.5 19700 2.72 6.86 6.89 35.21 459 1468 19.1 110.4 383 12.92460 J.K. P ORTERAppendix D  Table 1 Page 72 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file
195237 195237Z - 6.d
195237 195237Z - 7.d
195237 195237Z - 8.d
195237 195237Z - 9.d
195237 195237Z - 10.d
195237 195237Z - 11.d
195237 195237Z - 12.d
195237 195237Z - 13.d
195237 195237Z - 14.d
195237 195237Z - 15.d
195237 195237Z - 16.d
195237 195237Z - 17.d
195237 195237Z - 18.d
195237 195237Z - 19.d
195237 195237Z - 20.d
195237 195237Z - 21.d
195237 195237Z - 22.d
195237 195237Z - 23.d
195237 195237Z - 24.d
195237 195237Z - 25.d
195237 195237Z - 26.d
195237 195237Z - 27.d
195237 195237Z - 28.d
195237 195237Z - 29.d
195237 195237Z - 30.d
195237 195237Z - 31.d
195237 195237Z - 32.d
195237 195237Z - 33.d
195237 195237Z - 34.d
195237 195237Z - 35.d
195237 195237Z - 36.d
195237 195237Z - 37.d
195237 195237Z - 38.d
195237 195237Z - 39.d
195237 195237Z - 40.d
195237 195237Z - 41.d
195237 195237Z - 42.d
195237 195237Z - 43.d
195237 195237Z - 44.d
195237 195237Z - 45.d
195237 195237Z - 46.dTa W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Th U Group C Rocktype Rock Unit
84.8 28.8 4.2 12.42 8.45 9.14 19.1 7.99 5 sandstone Musgrave Province
111.7 87.7 2.25 212 24.59 0.0325 0.0075 199.3 5 sandstone Musgrave Province
126.3 83.9 3.3 83.2 9.94 0.818 3.44 79.93 5 sandstone Musgrave Province
73.1 2230 15.7 37.59 16.18 18.79 32.4 24.86 5 sandstone Musgrave Province
79.6 18.4 57 52.6 52.3 49.6 1.33 6.79 5 sandstone Musgrave Province
31.14 214.3 22.5 32.3 19.98 24.25 49.5 14.82 5 sandstone Musgrave Province
56.2 125.3 9.6 7.86 7.53 7.7 1.63 0.7 5 sandstone Musgrave Province
64.7 73.7 6.5 3.12 2.59 2.63 0.784 0.319 5 sandstone Musgrave Province
68.8 14.53 2.75 1.7 0.403 0.509 0.863 2.025 5 sandstone Musgrave Province
70.2 333.4 33 39 32.37 37 80.8 10.84 5 sandstone Musgrave Province
73.9 146 4.1 0.93 0.65 0.657 1.075 0.636 5 sandstone Musgrave Province
361.7 326 90.1 121.6 83.5 94.1 104.6 43.6 5 sandstone Musgrave Province
125.7 370 362 288 324 305 59.9 12.91 5 sandstone Musgrave Province
30.59 85.7 2.6 9.47 4.81 6.55 27.26 9.56 5 sandstone Musgrave Province
286 2748 38.1 110.2 47.2 64 175.5 59.21 5 sandstone Musgrave Province
139.8 2153 57.6 73 55.6 92.9 387.9 23.47 5 sandstone Musgrave Province
47.88 31.17 2.6 7.29 0.837 0.126 1.037 9.51 5 sandstone Musgrave Province
440.7 1246 6000 5500 5900 5600 543 327 5 sandstone Musgrave Province
113.2 173 4.2 77.1 19.7 15.86 60.1 55.3 5 sandstone Musgrave Province
146.4 158.1 101.2 79.3 87 91.4 106.3 4.17 5 sandstone Musgrave Province
893 343.6 2.75 19.75 1.92 0.0395 0.188 22.25 5 sandstone Musgrave Province
185.8 473 157.6 178.8 152.3 149.2 89.9 55.4 5 sandstone Musgrave Province
531.5 61.8 380 313 344 331 9.19 8.17 5 sandstone Musgrave Province
121.7 559 148 149.8 132.9 144 129.7 27.26 5 sandstone Musgrave Province
84.64 19.73 3.05 11.43 1.58 0.22 0.407 10.58 5 sandstone Musgrave Province
90.85 10.37 3.6 0.465 0.243 0.263 0.397 0.564 5 sandstone Musgrave Province
71.17 14.55 3.5 2.01 0.807 0.9 2.909 2.033 5 sandstone Musgrave Province
120.2 27.4 4.4 2.59 1.95 3.97 13.2 0.644 5 sandstone Musgrave Province
77.33 14.07 3.05 1.82 0.217 0.221 0.667 3.04 5 sandstone Musgrave Province
49.23 41.08 101.4 88.8 95.4 116.3 13.16 4.06 5 sandstone Musgrave Province
326.9 191.6 54.2 52.5 42.2 40.6 14.45 13.4 5 sandstone Musgrave Province
114 594 38 53.4 36.2 64.9 371.2 29.56 5 sandstone Musgrave Province
150.4 248 110 96 94.5 87.2 4.94 13.73 5 sandstone Musgrave Province
115.8 150.5 3.15 12.22 4.83 5.73 15.97 7.28 5 sandstone Musgrave Province
102.1 818 185 207.6 182 185.5 187.2 51.2 5 sandstone Musgrave Province
18.97 52.1 3.4 1.3 1.14 1.26 2.37 0.237 5 sandstone Musgrave Province
71.2 370 52.9 59.4 49.6 49.6 18.71 11.94 5 sandstone Musgrave Province
80.5 235 3.2 3.95 1.67 3.69 29.6 4.08 5 sandstone Musgrave Province
635.8 247.3 69.2 273.1 82.6 70.8 64.6 218.6 5 sandstone Musgrave Province
103.9 66.3 11.7 13.44 12.87 13.8 13.78 1.133 5 sandstone Musgrave Province
61.03 485 20.3 33.3 19.39 25.54 90.1 20.06 5 sandstone Musgrave ProvinceAppendix D J.K. P ORTER 461Appendix D  Table 1 Page 73 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file Mg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf
195237 195237Z - 47.d 355.3 733 8310 1.45 105 3.22 608200 3622 1006 847 1.94 12.9 8.4 7.78 1579 1726 13.11 5.77 5.35 71.3
195237 195237Z - 48.d 1550 13300 27200 1.65 1290 184.5 606100 62.8 38.3 9200 6.8 9.8 20.1 17.7 36.3 341 1.16 6.05 31.8 1.43
195237 195237Z - 49.d 1498 4700 31100 2.05 2220 112.2 604200 270.9 126.2 8550 10.5 208 53.6 307 2530 2285 1.19 68.6 14.18 80
195237 195237Z - 50.d 815 3710 44300 2.05 690 215.2 599200 815.4 220.4 15520 2.95 17.8 10.3 120.6 136.4 4760 4.74 165.9 78.3 4.54
199404 199404M - 1.d 295.4 1280 1070 2.41 336 19.26 601300 1086 3370 16670 0.65 7.79 8.1 10.67 874.7 2292 24.5 174.7 99.8 27.6
199404 199404M - 2.d 226.5 85.5 420 1.99 125 4.66 603200 1395 89.5 1350 0.325 1.54 4.26 0.204 314 172.2 54.6 21.01 1.25 15.74
199404 199404M - 3.d 250.2 1880 7400 10.1 760 37.8 605300 776.7 351.8 1932 0.5 11.9 6.9 3.72 259.8 3120 0.79 134.6 2.81 17.67
199404 199404M - 4.d 255.2 519 1900 1.45 155 13.12 599800 706.6 310.7 3580 0.275 12.9 11.8 14.91 145.5 1471 1.92 47 6.9 6.75
199404 199404M - 5.d 270.4 1859 1040 2.42 399 46.1 602700 873.5 2208 25890 0.9 8.46 9.8 105.1 1067 3141 73.5 224.2 114.8 33.8
199404 199404M - 6.d 254.7 1193 1440 3.12 309 17.19 603900 745 279 8090 0.37 16.9 10.9 13.5 470 1724 0.89 26.9 3.48 15
199404 199404M - 7.d 235.2 122 425 2.2 80 16.66 604000 570.4 90.4 4550 0.16 1.28 4.58 0.84 268.5 4862 77 196 8.61 16.04
199404 199404M - 8.d 261 1089 36800 2.8 125 13.5 606000 3227 1929 17600 2.02 17.5 7.9 2.33 93.1 2951 3.52 1292 19.6 9.22
199404 199404M - 9.d 246.3 372 840 2.73 100 16.4 605700 1441 558 3760 0.37 5.19 9 0.85 113.2 1041 1.1 34 2.09 6.02
199404 199404M - 10.d 250.2 691 840 2.88 130 16.41 601600 1272 1302 5490 0.43 12.15 8.1 3.36 74.4 2226 1.03 61.9 4.66 4.89
199404 199404M - 11.d 254.6 778 3040 2.74 145 21.96 602900 502 667 10700 1.61 16.1 10.7 1.45 316 910 4.12 42.5 6.33 9.45
199404 199404M - 12.d 278.9 1180 2560 1.95 310 98.1 600700 948 3956 4530 1.64 17 12.5 3.95 36.1 3758 13.2 427.4 138.2 3.47
199404 199404M - 13.d 381 1177 3570 1.25 130 49.5 600900 1358 8470 10500 2.46 28.4 20.8 3.71 45.8 5584 23 658 73.7 2.9
199404 199404M - 14.d 251.8 674 13080 2.05 239 27.4 606000 915 285 5080 0.48 4.89 7.1 17.55 159.1 2457 2.15 69.4 5.55 6.67
199404 199404M - 15.d 238.3 369 13500 2.32 120 91.8 603400 1133.3 783 3430 1.03 15.7 9.1 164.2 92200 2383 6.3 74.9 3.77 1460
199404 199404M - 16.d 228.1 78.3 290 0.85 95 5.53 606700 2650 390.9 1720 0.38 8.7 8.3 0.166 4743 2107 97.3 6.16 1.01 118.2
199404 199404M - 17.d 264.6 404 6880 2.15 110 83 604800 1138 2255 2000 0.425 9.3 7.12 2.12 331.1 2521 103.4 171.6 73.3 22
199404 199404M - 18.d 249.9 592 1270 1 297 16.42 607300 1368 485 1517 0.395 2.25 5.99 48.7 84.1 1848 0.26 82.9 4.36 6.08
199404 199404M - 19.d 246.2 973 1600 1.1 135 13.02 603300 997 1473 7300 0.395 9 8.3 1.59 48.6 1189 0.88 58.4 2.56 4.71
199404 199404M - 20.d 244.3 545.3 3810 1.95 80 13.94 603500 840 110.6 1879 0.255 3.42 5.27 9.01 80.3 1057 0.55 61.6 2.05 3.63
199404 199404M - 21.d 258.1 440.6 440 1.96 110 23.55 602300 543.1 2296 1924 0.5 3.1 7.1 10.69 1265 4394 54.1 124.5 178.8 33.8
199404 199404M - 22.d 222.8 156.1 295 2.08 85 6.67 600900 1555 457.7 1700 0.43 2 4.21 0.15 857.5 5709 36.8 16.84 0.168 42.5
199404 199404M - 23.d 237.1 2090 10080 2.33 120 18.94 607300 594.3 323.1 7440 1.66 3.17 7.8 1.02 122.9 832 3.35 42.8 10.5 6.85
199404 199404M - 24.d 240.6 549 550 1.8 155 14.14 606700 1437 1248 3660 0.235 19.9 8.4 1.05 67.7 529 0.97 34.4 6.6 4
199404 199404M - 25.d 248.5 743 1300 2.69 246 31.8 609200 533 178.6 5120 0.245 8.7 7.1 33.7 422 1635 0.91 75.5 2.99 20.1
199404 199404M - 26.d 297.2 1010 31500 4.18 690 23.4 604600 111 328 ####### 1.03 8.8 20.1 10.7 115 2220 0.99 18.3 6.53 4.2
199404 199404M - 27.d 301.6 774 435 2.53 115 11.94 608500 1140 5540 5530 0.95 9.11 9.1 17.8 668.1 2760 20.2 245.2 199 16.14
199404 199404M - 28.d 244.1 678 41900 2.93 110 24.07 609900 1040 1096 4900 0.55 4.6 4.9 1.08 185.2 2529 1.36 88 2.66 10.73
199404 199404M - 29.d 246.7 805 6170 2.74 90 15.26 604600 433 309 13100 0.335 19.7 8 1.27 96.7 653 1.55 45.4 6.55 4.42
199404 199404M - 30.d 287.3 1633 1230 2.75 246 13.43 609400 1888 7650 17700 1.7 17.9 16 3.81 60.4 3849 18.3 1125 70.5 3.1
199404 199404M - 31.d 257.1 470 1290 2.67 232 15.77 607800 1753 2980 6310 1.48 13.7 12 6 161.6 2988 14.9 496 19.2 7.65
199404 199404M - 32.d 240 397 1610 3.53 90 4.1 610100 4028 1263 3230 1.01 33.6 29.1 1.33 2016 5151 54.1 188 12.97 87
199404 199404M - 33.d 280.7 587 2300 2.34 477 54.6 607500 1499 5766 3060 1.53 20.5 12.4 119 3510 1069 29.8 242.3 110.8 72
199404 199404M - 34.d 261.9 126.2 680 2.42 120 11.03 603000 421.2 7060 751 0.41 1.91 6.6 3.67 953 1675 1.71 198.7 11.05 17.58
199404 199404M - 35.d 256 653 15660 2.54 80 10.82 606300 551 175.8 3690 0.445 19.4 7.2 4.89 119.1 1010 0.55 20 2.34 6.17
199404 199404M - 36.d 240.8 721 550 2.74 120 12.42 604500 1449 1131 4260 0.72 9 8.9 1.75 100.1 1410 0.44 76 4.81 6.63
199404 199404M - 37.d 254.4 578 830 2.57 189 14.15 607300 667.3 251.8 2950 0.6 1.8 4.51 1.68 97.6 1148 1.39 38.6 2.13 6.06462 J.K. P ORTERAppendix D  Table 1 Page 74 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file
195237 195237Z - 47.d
195237 195237Z - 48.d
195237 195237Z - 49.d
195237 195237Z - 50.d
199404 199404M - 1.d
199404 199404M - 2.d
199404 199404M - 3.d
199404 199404M - 4.d
199404 199404M - 5.d
199404 199404M - 6.d
199404 199404M - 7.d
199404 199404M - 8.d
199404 199404M - 9.d
199404 199404M - 10.d
199404 199404M - 11.d
199404 199404M - 12.d
199404 199404M - 13.d
199404 199404M - 14.d
199404 199404M - 15.d
199404 199404M - 16.d
199404 199404M - 17.d
199404 199404M - 18.d
199404 199404M - 19.d
199404 199404M - 20.d
199404 199404M - 21.d
199404 199404M - 22.d
199404 199404M - 23.d
199404 199404M - 24.d
199404 199404M - 25.d
199404 199404M - 26.d
199404 199404M - 27.d
199404 199404M - 28.d
199404 199404M - 29.d
199404 199404M - 30.d
199404 199404M - 31.d
199404 199404M - 32.d
199404 199404M - 33.d
199404 199404M - 34.d
199404 199404M - 35.d
199404 199404M - 36.d
199404 199404M - 37.dTa W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Th U Group C Rocktype Rock Unit
76.36 32.7 2.85 13 4.89 5.87 21 10.57 5 sandstone Musgrave Province
13.82 142 88.7 77.2 78.8 75.5 13.4 8.37 5 sandstone Musgrave Province
135.1 274 213 200.1 204.6 211.3 219.3 26.5 5 sandstone Musgrave Province
194.2 1340 291 330.5 285.6 346.7 579.2 40.08 5 sandstone Musgrave Province
96.4 1142 10.1 38.8 13.12 15.83 31.17 44.51 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
12.29 67.5 4.1 32.9 3.07 0.312 1.62 50.49 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
121.1 251 19.7 17.9 16.4 16.7 2.7 2.03 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
121.6 146.2 17.3 24 18.61 19.11 1.38 6.82 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
152.9 634 77 123.3 80.3 88.1 97 79.8 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
106.4 108.7 33.1 39.2 33.1 34.7 11.7 4.83 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
234.9 1582 4.25 12.39 1.27 0.28 0.451 17.67 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
141.5 524 6.5 6.75 4.02 4.91 6.7 5.43 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
145.3 75.2 4.7 4.44 2.95 3.23 3.49 2.44 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
168.1 258.2 6 13.25 10.84 11.21 1.98 3.04 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
60.9 504 4.55 6.95 4.61 5.57 6.73 3.48 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
161.4 1855 6.5 23.1 9.2 15.7 57.57 23.21 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
204.8 1614 7 23.8 9.9 14.3 34.75 20.67 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
330 201 12.3 23.59 16.3 17.22 6.86 12.2 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
95.6 138 4.3 56 8.04 6.6 42.1 64 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
72.34 63 3.45 10.11 1.86 1.23 1.27 13.15 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
132.1 351 3.85 16.56 5.77 7.59 16.08 19.1 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
121.3 68.5 23.7 41.8 28.6 28.8 1.347 21.7 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
347.2 79.8 5 4.11 3.71 3.65 3.16 1.51 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
128.4 83.8 17.5 21.66 17.82 18.23 0.9 4.87 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
186.5 781 5.5 51.2 13.61 18.55 63.18 77.9 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
227.1 12.23 2.8 18.64 1.89 0.313 1.38 26.69 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
51.44 128.9 4.25 6.75 5.33 6.16 11.47 2.52 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
100.5 153 8.5 6.68 5.53 5.87 2.57 2.03 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
56.8 139 26.6 31.7 25.01 24.8 2.23 12.51 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
194.3 158 6.5 12.43 10.49 12.44 15 4.34 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
75 1657 7 24.27 6.01 13.18 71.59 34.46 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
120.1 255.6 7 5.08 4.05 4.29 1.35 1.25 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
88.4 136.2 3.5 6.72 3.54 4.4 11.06 3.49 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
138.5 2037 8 29.6 16.27 21.08 30.44 22.42 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
208.6 643 7.8 21.4 8.83 10.11 14.91 21.48 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
351.4 765 13.5 33.7 11.71 11.89 6.76 34.84 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
75.3 781 59.8 130.6 60.8 73 86.1 128.5 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
88.1 128.8 5 6.38 3.31 3.83 3.94 6.97 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
134.1 123.6 4.7 8.59 7.09 7.59 1.04 1.29 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
112.4 104.7 7 4.17 3.32 3.77 2.26 1.4 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
159.1 29.1 11.5 10.47 9.62 10.23 4.67 1.637 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert RangeAppendix D J.K. P ORTER 463Appendix D  Table 1 Page 75 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file Mg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf
199404 199404M - 38.d 238.5 468 12800 0.95 115 8.78 600000 1101 111.2 2850 0.6 9.6 5.7 0.87 88 1500 0.85 31.3 2.37 4.45
199404 199404M - 39.d 256.2 367 2200 3.19 125 2.84 605800 774 782 3970 0.7 9.3 6.6 1.07 252.7 1750 9.23 98.8 9.45 12.41
199404 199404M - 40.d 315 7000 10200 6.8 315 18.8 607200 1045 1283 169000 5.4 18.2 27.7 2.44 107 2650 2.9 74.9 6.36 6.04
199404 199404M - 41.d 279.3 896 11060 1.05 353 31.5 607300 1386 1474 11500 1.2 25.4 10.1 5.4 57.3 4609 7.1 319 36 2.74
199404 199404M - 42.d 256.4 529 1160 0.95 135 19.5 604900 546 297 2136 0.18 4 5.34 4.89 204 1666 0.32 47.8 2.34 11.53
199404 199404M - 43.d 229.4 69.1 495 1.1 90 0.48 608300 635 1115 1669 0.28 3.79 5.08 0.059 99.4 394.4 7.4 6.09 6.8 4.45
199404 199404M - 44.d 259.6 1108 1460 4.49 388 16.64 606400 184 37 6340 0.41 10.42 8.7 11.17 47.5 689 1.01 71.1 4 1.67
199404 199404M - 45.d 254.1 517 1110 2.77 746 22.4 603200 845.2 4146 2280 0.49 2.08 6.7 4.64 94.1 2581 10.6 202.4 79.5 4.09
199404 199404M - 46.d 287.1 210.3 375 1.25 100 33.3 605000 1302 2080 2280 0.415 3.69 4.67 1.87 28.69 3876 2.97 596.4 28.9 2.19
199404 199404M - 47.d 225.7 63.8 305 1.2 90 3.45 607300 1568 378.3 1003 0.22 1.2 3 0.096 1882 2300 44.4 11.18 0.06 73.7
199404 199404M - 48.d 237.4 603 12290 1.35 160 18.8 605700 1640 592 3610 0.65 17 6 3.03 183.8 717 3.19 68.7 4.57 7.1
199404 199404M - 49.d 248.8 576 3680 2.43 115 14.53 602500 1728 577 7400 0.215 40 6.8 3.99 88.3 700 2.95 27.9 8.85 4.51
199404 199404M - 50.d 220.3 39.4 320 2.31 80 22.54 603800 869 4137 796 0.405 1.67 4.25 0.257 166.9 455.2 5.18 82.4 7.1 9
199404 199404M - 51.d 245.5 388 3580 4.02 115 12.71 602500 130.7 56.9 2510 0.6 13.3 9.1 8.39 140.2 1038 0.52 29.2 2.63 5.86
199404 199404M - 52.d 226.8 77.3 860 2.59 70 1.55 602100 761.4 235.8 2416 0.54 1.51 3.54 0.152 795.4 3459 394.5 323.9 35.9 32.9
199404 199404M - 53.d 231.6 30.9 870 2.28 115 3.16 605500 4290 1523 176 0.495 2.1 2.91 0.074 894.1 3027 258.5 33.1 0.71 52.6
199404 199404M - 54.d 266.1 243.8 550 1 90 12.65 607100 1922 2289 1300 1.34 4.53 4.72 2.51 40.6 1478 2.17 872 38.4 2.22
199404 199404M - 55.d 254.6 380.7 690 2.89 65 36.3 605700 3829 1048 2230 0.215 3.01 5.27 4.47 328.3 5670 3.94 287.6 8.67 14.88
199404 199404M - 56.d 242.2 372.5 1360 3.51 160 10.81 607500 1323 636 2408 0.49 27.9 6 0.45 27.5 615 0.81 12.5 3.41 1.57
199404 199404M - 57.d 257.2 456 1590 1.15 125 26.4 609200 1182 637 3790 0.63 3.72 6.7 39.5 322 1782 1.14 89 3.52 11.94
199404 199404M - 58.d 264.2 4180 470 56 463 46.2 605600 1182 2393 953 1.32 5.82 11.2 5.77 513 2548 23.6 358 56.3 20
199404 199404M - 59.d 259.4 508 6300 3.34 165 129.3 604700 840 1544 6830 1.57 21.2 8.4 6.77 443.9 2440 21.4 269.8 13.6 15.2
199404 199404M - 60.d 254.2 269 1130 2.34 95 23.1 601900 651 477 2804 0.5 1.46 4.58 0.516 276 2001 1.64 60.5 2.45 12.06
199404 199404M - 61.d 249.1 207 640 1.84 95 10.71 603600 905 779 2830 0.22 2.72 6.5 2.01 1024 1671 15.5 51.2 6.37 28.1
199404 199404M - 62.d 249.8 634 6210 1.25 120 8.44 603000 1361 401 5540 0.87 20.7 9.4 2.06 46.5 649 1.23 19.51 3.57 3.11
199404 199404M - 63.d 261.9 688 1000 1.97 110 22.84 600800 783 168.7 2660 0.285 1.77 5.39 44.02 175.8 1934 0.96 89.9 3.48 9.47
199404 199404M - 64.d 265.7 2270 4140 5.54 120 22.1 607200 881 486 45100 1.54 38.7 19.2 13.1 540 2240 1.81 87.6 5.02 16
199404 199404M - 65.d 269.1 1641 760 2.68 257 10 603900 4049 10840 24710 1.53 21.5 12.4 2.57 113.4 2711 23.2 1088 33.1 6.34
199404 199404M - 66.d 250.9 142.6 1210 2.5 75 11.63 605200 688.1 1193 3090 0.36 2.09 6.2 0.571 5.69 774 0.59 81.7 5.55 0.14
199404 199404M - 67.d 257.1 1258 2330 3.76 310 20.3 605900 612 294 2001 1.16 11.43 7.5 19.64 125.1 1580 0.71 51.8 2.61 6.33
199404 199404M - 68.d 233.8 362 8830 2.32 95 17.69 603600 561.8 311.4 3440 0.4 1.82 4.87 0.86 114 1410 1.2 58.9 4.6 6.38
199404 199404M - 69.d 267.6 868 1880 2.93 155 40.1 604400 1589 2780 10030 0.87 4.6 6.6 3.97 43.1 2523 9.5 674 50.9 2.66
199404 199404M - 70.d 283.7 943 2230 3.4 327 22.81 604100 533.5 1612 15720 2.51 27.3 13.6 12.56 1536 1286 25.4 139.6 78 56.4
199404 199404M - 71.d 446 1905 26600 1.65 377 38.8 602000 1412 1625 20600 5.6 18.1 14.4 98.6 1539 1650 23.5 133.8 29.6 45.2
199404 199404M - 73.d 241.5 564.1 1310 2 238 16.61 601600 2073 372 1770 0.26 1.9 4.57 5.3 150.4 2277 1.05 21.97 4.22 24.18
199404 199404M - 74.d 240 365 2120 2.16 255 62.9 605500 204.3 188 6640 0.58 2.8 5.59 0.94 405.5 10979 22.2 1443 13.6 19.18
199404 199404M - 75.d 270.6 2990 30790 3.19 150 13.76 606100 2420 11610 14300 3.97 12.6 8.2 2.16 58.5 4344 3.19 1801 20.8 2.49
199404 199404M - 76.d 275.3 449 790 2.88 257 12.51 604200 639.8 1786 2300 2.8 7.13 15.3 16.39 714.5 1455 19.9 155 219.6 17.6
199404 199404M - 77.d 229.8 169.7 265 2.56 100 3.3 603400 3454 457.2 892 0.135 1.38 3.95 0.093 2310 1989 49.8 6.05 0.075 97.3
199404 199404M - 78.d 246.9 718 1380 2.93 157 24.5 603000 553 158 5040 0.32 7.7 5.9 16.36 180.8 1759 0.91 52.6 3.19 7.65
199404 199404M - 79.d 242.1 502 430 4.05 115 17.8 598100 777 174.4 4040 0.465 12.3 6.6 10.1 338 890.3 0.16 18.2 2.66 18.3464 J.K. P ORTERAppendix D  Table 1 Page 76 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file
199404 199404M - 38.d
199404 199404M - 39.d
199404 199404M - 40.d
199404 199404M - 41.d
199404 199404M - 42.d
199404 199404M - 43.d
199404 199404M - 44.d
199404 199404M - 45.d
199404 199404M - 46.d
199404 199404M - 47.d
199404 199404M - 48.d
199404 199404M - 49.d
199404 199404M - 50.d
199404 199404M - 51.d
199404 199404M - 52.d
199404 199404M - 53.d
199404 199404M - 54.d
199404 199404M - 55.d
199404 199404M - 56.d
199404 199404M - 57.d
199404 199404M - 58.d
199404 199404M - 59.d
199404 199404M - 60.d
199404 199404M - 61.d
199404 199404M - 62.d
199404 199404M - 63.d
199404 199404M - 64.d
199404 199404M - 65.d
199404 199404M - 66.d
199404 199404M - 67.d
199404 199404M - 68.d
199404 199404M - 69.d
199404 199404M - 70.d
199404 199404M - 71.d
199404 199404M - 73.d
199404 199404M - 74.d
199404 199404M - 75.d
199404 199404M - 76.d
199404 199404M - 77.d
199404 199404M - 78.d
199404 199404M - 79.dTa W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Th U Group C Rocktype Rock Unit
109.7 117 4.85 10.17 9.21 9.74 0.343 1.43 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
42.7 193 4.9 6.68 2.2 2.19 1.59 5.52 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
160.6 278 7 4.86 4.25 4.5 12.4 7.3 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
209.1 526 31.5 69.4 34.6 34.2 16.75 71.7 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
42.2 54.9 15.2 18.68 16.31 16.74 1.82 3.32 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
9.6 23.5 6 1.28 0.476 0.57 0.391 1.287 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
123.4 110.9 19.4 25.1 21.2 21.82 3.31 4.78 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
186.2 262 34.2 93.6 39.9 44.1 41.17 112.6 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
198.3 445 6.5 12.79 6.74 8.17 15.13 13.36 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
24.27 0.49 2.55 20.51 1.91 0.0495 0.058 28.74 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
69.1 191 7.5 9.78 8.75 8.82 3.81 2.6 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
230.9 148 4.05 11.16 8.37 9.77 16.59 5.36 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
38.69 32.2 2.8 15.01 1.38 0.71 2.91 20.76 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
106.2 84.6 8.1 14.95 12.85 13.29 0.202 2.72 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
130.8 87.7 3.35 188 17.47 0.184 0.198 266.2 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
132.9 20 7 49.16 5.88 0.51 0.409 47.54 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
47.42 626.3 3.35 21.82 8.68 10.45 25.26 26.29 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
517.8 213.1 3.4 8.59 3.77 4.95 15.78 10.23 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
219.5 78 6 3.4 3.08 3.39 0.978 0.91 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
101.6 342 3.75 5.35 2.36 3.58 11.18 6.43 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
122.4 428 3.9 27.1 11.07 15.04 32.66 28.45 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
92.7 337 9.5 22.84 13.53 14.37 10.85 16.17 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
135.9 89.7 2.1 3.02 1.7 1.83 2.36 3 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
104.4 43.1 3.3 5.9 3.23 3.51 6.24 6.29 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
78.55 135 4.1 10.5 8.58 8.94 5.45 1.82 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
109.1 84.3 17 35.5 26.67 26.56 1.958 16.99 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
128.6 422 7 11.54 7.65 7.79 9.5 6.8 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
147.7 2291 7.1 23.9 9.14 11.4 16.42 28.58 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
70 113 2.15 1.83 1.09 1.29 1.987 1.082 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
133 134.8 16.6 23.8 18.85 20.37 1.2 8.4 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
87.1 58 3.15 4.16 3.24 3.64 4.74 2.31 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
63.09 699 13.1 29.7 14.75 17.02 24.64 26.26 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
61.7 631 21 44.6 23.2 28.1 34.52 34.04 5 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
127.4 1496 47.4 71.9 53.6 79.6 184.6 32.07 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
271.9 22 11.3 14.85 11.4 12.65 4.62 2.72 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
517.1 932 3.7 105.7 12.78 3.3 12.41 118.7 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
191.7 505 14.8 19.7 15 15.2 11.76 8.56 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
48.72 1032 10.4 22.58 7.92 17.51 92.8 27.99 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
96.4 9.71 4 18.95 1.59 0.071 0.0075 25.89 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
125.2 104.6 20 22.5 17.9 18.14 1.54 7.15 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
94 79 10.2 10.25 8.12 8.9 2.16 2.48 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert RangeAppendix D J.K. P ORTER 465Appendix D  Table 1 Page 77 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file Mg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf
199404 199404M - 80.d 274.4 1021 15870 3 540 54.9 605400 1406 4350 11300 1.92 37 14.2 93.1 450 2110 17.6 247.8 62.4 16.1
199404 199404M - 81.d 238.1 350.4 730 0.75 135 14.03 606400 690.1 1539 1640 1.76 9 10 4.99 685.3 1172 11.1 86.9 78.7 37.1
199404 199404M - 82.d 249.2 754 2850 1.95 175 10.52 604100 3270 7100 7030 1.76 40.7 12.2 3.23 561 1184 9.2 935 19.7 21.5
199404 199404M - 83.d 278.1 886 7910 3.23 95 26.7 603000 2211 5463 11000 1.66 8.63 11 23.9 431 3798 35.9 1402 53.7 18.6
199404 199404M - 84.d 232.1 219 550 2.62 100 10.93 606200 902 1330 2310 0.325 4.67 5.11 0.262 123 3322 4.33 242 4.6 6.67
199404 199404M - 86.d 242.7 830 22400 1.2 155 13.67 606600 725 379 5500 1.16 18.9 7.6 1.58 53.4 471 0.64 22.5 3.48 3.04
199404 199404M - 88.d 256.8 1880 1670 3.24 316 12.83 602700 2620 5584 24000 1.33 3.95 7.9 5.69 82.1 3047 5.35 940 32.4 4.88
199404 199404M - 89.d 238.6 268 2680 1.35 170 3.56 606400 91.1 91 3950 0.39 10.5 10.1 2.72 111.2 991 0.4 79 3.04 5.52
199404 199404M - 90.d 243.6 422.2 2380 2.95 160 7.41 605600 1459 168.6 2250 0.55 6.48 4.1 4.2 21.18 623 1.19 31.9 2.85 1.44
199408 199408Z - 1.d 329.3 26 8380 1.75 110 6.81 603300 435.2 124.9 13770 0.19 1.65 3.48 1.61 12.5 5815 146.8 109.8 51.4 1.61
199408 199408Z - 2.d 368.1 341 8250 1.4 145 7.83 602900 552.9 171.4 11450 0.56 1.98 4.14 7.45 24.93 4100 190.1 85.4 29.3 1.59
199408 199408Z - 3.d 340.1 21.2 7150 1.45 135 7.17 604700 435.1 119.7 12510 0.21 1.55 3.63 0.354 14.44 5730 114.5 107 58.4 1.71
199408 199408Z - 4.d 334.2 13.2 8560 1.75 120 7.74 602700 445.1 133.7 13030 0.265 1.54 3.49 0.779 12.34 5575 276.5 111.9 74.5 1.63
199408 199408Z - 5.d 379.1 332 8070 1.95 140 5.17 603200 532.4 269.1 8740 0.24 1.9 5.81 7.28 8.32 2623 237.3 73.4 15.71 0.8
199408 199408Z - 6.d 377 261 7550 1.75 115 6.27 603800 614.6 187.9 11680 0.22 1.63 3.33 1.96 10.14 5153 335 147.8 34.8 1.21
199408 199408Z - 7.d 500 1280 10280 8.5 145 5.84 601400 448.8 198.9 8880 0.345 2.03 5.46 10.5 8.86 2623 116.5 59.3 20.07 0.78
199408 199408Z - 8.d 357.6 164 7450 1.2 115 5.77 601700 492.8 97.9 5580 0.235 1.67 3.89 2.89 6.43 3115 322.3 35.3 44.8 0.56
199408 199408Z - 9.d 598 1810 11820 1.65 135 7.21 600200 456.7 101.7 5860 0.32 1.6 4.03 2.91 7.44 3200 256.8 37.6 57.1 0.468
199408 199408Z - 10.d 367.6 279 10110 1.3 235 6.38 601600 511.9 176.6 11250 0.66 2.71 4.3 5.18 8.8 3208 87.8 58.8 26 0.96
199408 199408Z - 11.d 362.8 225 9770 1.35 140 7.43 599100 579.5 192.8 11860 0.145 1.77 4.31 6.07 10.74 3752 220.5 97.6 27.3 1.23
199408 199408Z - 12.d 354.3 182 9490 1.7 120 7.47 605000 555.1 179.4 11490 0.375 1.83 4.13 6.62 12.05 4010 159.4 91.4 32.8 1.41
199408 199408Z - 13.d 445 740 10470 1.8 120 6.6 603800 435.4 182.4 6330 0.295 1.97 4.51 6.81 7.55 3071 165.4 38.4 33.6 0.53
199408 199408Z - 14.d 369.4 282 9950 1.6 85 5.94 603900 446.2 160.6 9440 0.18 1.77 4.53 0.94 9.62 4660 116.4 97.3 34.7 0.99
199408 199408Z - 15.d 361.2 306 8290 1.8 170 6.82 603900 642 227.5 19480 0.275 2.29 5.2 4.26 29.4 4150 315 125.5 26.6 1.49
199408 199408Z - 16.d 355.6 183 9400 1.55 130 4.83 607400 729 292.9 17520 0.245 2.17 4.4 3.29 11.51 8380 685 211.2 37.1 1.25
199408 199408Z - 17.d 338.1 34.4 8200 1.5 130 10.09 599400 403.2 124.2 9270 0.255 1.45 3.27 6.32 10.42 7680 624 114.3 166.6 1.33
199408 199408Z - 18.d 333.3 48.7 8030 1.7 125 8.56 604900 509.6 147.5 11820 0.355 1.4 2.9 1.1 12.51 5660 269.3 132.3 53.7 1.56
199408 199408Z - 19.d 332.3 71.8 7980 1.45 110 9.01 602200 459.5 149.9 10680 0.185 1.5 3.89 12.5 13.98 5524 452.4 116.3 81.9 1.8
199408 199408Z - 20.d 354 181 8590 1.7 135 7.01 603700 372.4 130.3 10450 0.38 1.99 5.17 3.4 15.56 4672 174.4 80.4 97.7 1.55
199408 199408Z - 21.d 402.4 456 8570 1.4 140 5.87 601000 650.8 203.1 12480 0.21 1.96 3.93 9.01 7.84 2520 131.3 62.8 16.22 0.5
199408 199408Z - 22.d 334.5 60.3 7700 1.75 110 6.49 598800 567.6 166.1 14970 0.14 1.46 2.9 0.6 18.68 6427 406.2 195.7 43.7 1.66
199408 199408Z - 23.d 351.2 186 8020 1.75 130 5.57 604000 590 193.5 16650 0.58 2.1 5.57 0.99 20.7 7413 405.6 227.5 44.1 1.5
199408 199408Z - 24.d 354.3 267 8230 1.95 100 6.83 598200 624.1 204.2 16930 0.57 2.26 4.65 2.17 30.1 5505 402.1 178.7 35.6 1.55
199408 199408Z - 25.d 350.8 88 7980 1.4 115 6.27 606900 602.7 173.1 13430 0.26 1.5 3.53 1.11 10.42 5717 305 157.9 36.9 0.99
199408 199408Z - 26.d 411.2 525 10060 2.2 145 6.37 597800 613.3 211.3 13430 0.24 2.99 4.86 9.87 10.43 2588 117.8 62.4 18.62 0.94
199408 199408Z - 27.d 351.5 171.9 9320 3.7 364 9.33 600900 290.6 60.5 5830 0.25 1.67 4.43 56.7 189.4 3798 384.8 42.3 41.9 7.37
199408 199408Z - 28.d 340.7 36.8 7220 3.2 95 7.58 603800 378.1 149.5 8210 0.29 1.46 4.34 5 10.63 4691 341 81.6 112.7 1.34
199408 199408Z - 29.d 331.3 47 9150 1.35 120 6.55 607300 488.7 149.9 13990 0.095 1.77 3.51 0.312 10.11 5665 204 154 39.7 1.03
199408 199408Z - 30.d 407.8 436 8590 2.05 105 7.21 604900 444.2 155 7960 0.215 1.9 3.67 13.57 10.65 3904 152.7 67.9 42.4 1.12
199408 199408Z - 31.d 399 411 8040 1.65 130 7.14 596000 475.1 157.4 10210 0.37 1.84 4.63 3.26 17.67 4341 172.7 100.5 39.4 1.44
199408 199408Z - 32.d 361.8 235 8730 1.7 115 7.38 601500 386 129.2 7690 0.27 1.23 4.35 32.6 156 3988 272 65.1 40.2 5.73466 J.K. P ORTERAppendix D  Table 1 Page 78 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file
199404 199404M - 80.d
199404 199404M - 81.d
199404 199404M - 82.d
199404 199404M - 83.d
199404 199404M - 84.d
199404 199404M - 86.d
199404 199404M - 88.d
199404 199404M - 89.d
199404 199404M - 90.d
199408 199408Z - 1.d
199408 199408Z - 2.d
199408 199408Z - 3.d
199408 199408Z - 4.d
199408 199408Z - 5.d
199408 199408Z - 6.d
199408 199408Z - 7.d
199408 199408Z - 8.d
199408 199408Z - 9.d
199408 199408Z - 10.d
199408 199408Z - 11.d
199408 199408Z - 12.d
199408 199408Z - 13.d
199408 199408Z - 14.d
199408 199408Z - 15.d
199408 199408Z - 16.d
199408 199408Z - 17.d
199408 199408Z - 18.d
199408 199408Z - 19.d
199408 199408Z - 20.d
199408 199408Z - 21.d
199408 199408Z - 22.d
199408 199408Z - 23.d
199408 199408Z - 24.d
199408 199408Z - 25.d
199408 199408Z - 26.d
199408 199408Z - 27.d
199408 199408Z - 28.d
199408 199408Z - 29.d
199408 199408Z - 30.d
199408 199408Z - 31.d
199408 199408Z - 32.dTa W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Th U Group C Rocktype Rock Unit
116.3 818 58 119.4 58.9 65 54.5 116.1 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
72.3 496 6.5 21.12 8.96 14 45.39 21.37 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
105.2 766 8 33.4 16.9 17.6 9.71 27.12 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
166.3 561 18.2 40.3 22.4 26.5 39 35.2 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
138.9 215 4.1 1.97 1.49 1.72 2 0.674 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
111.7 274 4.6 8.48 8.16 8.8 3.11 1.28 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
122.5 730 27 40.4 27.1 28.4 21.35 28.08 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
134.4 63.4 7.5 8.77 7.23 7.59 3.13 1.59 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
121.1 73.3 7 10.07 8.43 8.74 1.6 2.58 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dean Quartzite, Robert Range
350.2 103.1 6 1.2 0.163 0.389 4.01 2.086 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
199.6 70.7 6 3.13 0.69 4.04 42.8 4.41 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
392.2 100 7 0.97 0.234 0.426 5.16 1.726 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
312.9 112.1 7 1.45 0.171 0.292 2.22 2.83 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
116.6 41.5 6.5 3.04 1.28 6.05 50.8 3.82 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
228.8 144.2 5.5 1.37 0.206 1.63 17.95 2.583 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
133.2 34.6 5.5 3.01 1.19 4.67 42.65 4.05 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
191.2 12.16 7.5 1.84 0.246 0.444 4.14 4.203 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
186 12.43 6.5 1.93 0.294 0.448 4.3 4.2 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
196 48 6.5 1.82 0.369 2.35 23.65 2.942 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
176.3 70.6 7.5 2.32 0.426 3.37 36.64 3.68 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
218.5 65.9 8 2.1 0.463 2.91 34.66 3.302 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
189.6 18.84 4.7 2.57 0.67 2.55 22.89 4.47 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
294.9 92 4.1 0.645 0.178 0.58 4.37 1.177 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
190 190 7 3.02 1.14 4.19 40.4 3.12 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
203.2 1390 6.5 2.63 0.56 5.27 44.8 3.69 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
450.1 214 5.5 3.52 0.463 0.716 5.95 6.87 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
285.9 123.6 5 1.86 0.195 1.231 10.57 3.38 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
291.1 120.9 5 3.6 0.609 2.18 17.84 6.18 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
329.8 81.1 5.5 1.67 0.458 1.11 8.25 2.09 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
124.9 37 7 2.37 0.577 4.16 44 3.99 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
303.4 236.4 4.75 1.71 0.431 1.5 13.11 2.114 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
349.1 605 5 1.7 0.322 1.61 13.6 2.385 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
263.7 247.3 7 2.2 0.556 2.95 27.98 2.58 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
277.4 155.8 6.5 1.23 0.155 1.34 11.2 2.236 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
139.8 56.8 6 2.8 0.71 5.24 54.7 4 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
281.4 72 5 7.74 2.65 6.17 46.7 12.26 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
303.3 85.6 6 1.96 0.305 0.668 5.29 3.47 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
313 128.2 5.5 0.829 0.129 0.452 3.41 1.504 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
221.8 63.9 6.5 2.68 0.634 3.7 40.2 4.59 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
239.6 93.2 6 2.26 0.362 1.68 14.63 3.63 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
260.1 79.5 7 4.59 1.49 4.01 34.8 7.99 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon RangeAppendix D J.K. P ORTER 467Appendix D  Table 1 Page 79 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file Mg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf
199408 199408Z - 33.d 361.4 190.7 8750 1.8 115 7.34 602900 508 152.7 12200 0.26 1.92 4.1 2.09 13.5 4876 167.2 103.1 39.1 1.28
199408 199408Z - 34.d 376.8 337 9310 1.95 145 7.18 599900 568.4 180.3 13110 0.14 2.84 4.29 3.82 21.9 3939 181.5 102.7 27.5 1.36
199408 199408Z - 35.d 1370 2540 17500 2.2 399 13.49 601400 306.9 216.9 23110 2.55 3.64 14.3 14.44 38.88 6013 193.8 172.5 62.9 3.12
199408 199408Z - 36.d 391.5 376 8180 1.75 105 6.97 598600 446.7 156 7820 0.21 2.33 4.2 8.52 9.97 3933 237 69.6 51.1 1.16
199408 199408Z - 37.d 361.7 196 8400 1.55 105 8.84 604000 586.1 165.4 10630 0.18 1.4 3.69 8.84 14.15 5136 299.2 136.2 39.6 1.85
199408 199408Z - 38.d 328.6 61.9 6970 4.2 105 6.62 601700 625 184.5 15420 0.185 1.43 3.91 0.94 11.33 4919 377 160.2 31.2 1.14
199408 199408Z - 39.d 356.5 189 7770 1.8 130 7.04 598700 630.8 189.3 11530 0.275 1.59 2.72 6.5 10.55 4990 360 146.2 27.8 1.29
199408 199408Z - 40.d 345.2 144 7550 2 160 6.23 600800 429.3 149.4 11000 0.39 1.25 3.37 7.47 10.85 3870 169.5 76.5 71.4 1.12
199408 199408Z - 41.d 335.9 82.4 6450 2 95 6.6 597700 468.2 202.9 6750 0.35 1.72 4.51 25.54 5.57 4117 254.4 60 80.2 0.384
199408 199408Z - 42.d 329.6 16.1 7850 1.8 120 7.93 599900 514.7 150.5 14320 0.155 1.36 3.37 0.245 12.2 5638 286.3 146.3 42.3 1.56
199408 199408Z - 43.d 337.9 140 9360 1.8 140 6.35 602700 492.1 134.3 6890 0.24 1.5 4.24 3.03 15.3 3394 279.5 38.6 47.2 0.72
199408 199408Z - 44.d 334.5 35 7410 2.3 130 7.03 599700 399.7 126 11010 0.275 1.27 4.21 3.04 14.85 4991 210.4 94.2 77.9 1.68
199408 199408Z - 45.d 343.8 152 8230 2.25 130 5.94 601100 510.3 124.3 5810 0.29 1.45 3.3 2.71 6.34 2755 195.7 37.9 40.2 0.5
199408 199408Z - 46.d 357.5 229 8150 1.8 105 5.15 603000 620 214 15790 0.19 1.38 4.07 2.93 9.36 4329 341.3 155.5 29.38 0.86
199408 199408Z - 47.d 386.2 406 9280 1.85 120 6.26 602300 615.1 211.8 12920 0.285 1.79 3.89 4.88 10.63 4767 366.2 161 29.41 1.05
199408 199408Z - 48.d 341.8 153 8190 1.55 100 6.98 598500 439.1 132.7 10930 0.22 1.44 3.84 1.95 10.49 4801 135 99.6 43 1.16
199408 199408Z - 49.d 332.6 45 7590 1.9 105 7.26 602400 483.2 151.6 12270 0.19 1.86 4.46 0.587 11.25 4899 195.5 125.2 41.6 1.39
199408 199408Z - 50.d 324.9 20.8 7130 4.1 140 6.89 597600 394.6 124.6 10810 0.17 1.41 3.7 2.02 11.86 5237 171.7 92.8 69.3 1.29
199408 199408Z - 51.d 378.2 273 8920 2.25 110 6.56 600100 560.8 186.3 10390 0.29 1.24 3.61 3.82 10.27 3967 272.4 116.3 28.6 1.08
199408 199408Z - 52.d 395.3 483 8980 1.65 155 6.32 597400 776 297.1 13390 0.255 2.26 4.82 8.97 10.65 7310 665 197.8 28.5 1.08
199408 199408Z - 53.d 360.9 281 8020 1.75 130 6.59 599200 425.3 157 7720 0.215 1.63 3.47 5.33 9.43 3930 172.9 77.4 48.1 1.06
199408 199408Z - 54.d 349.3 117 6930 1.5 100 8.12 596500 509 144.8 11570 0.59 1.4 4.1 2.24 12.31 5081 256.8 130.6 38.3 1.64
199408 199408Z - 55.d 335.2 100.6 8200 1.6 120 6.86 599400 378.2 149.8 7790 0.27 1.76 3.91 17.91 11.57 4981 445.3 93.2 117.5 1.33
199408 199408Z - 56.d 329 29.2 8410 2.1 95 6.33 597700 609.2 185.3 13920 0.25 1.77 4.81 0.259 11.49 6832 486 214.5 42.4 1.42
199408 199408Z - 57.d 339.6 98.4 8780 1.7 110 7.06 601300 472.6 153.5 10400 0.23 1.24 3.56 4.58 10.96 4798 184.8 97.4 51.9 1.18
199408 199408Z - 58.d 338.2 87.1 7820 2.35 135 8.49 602800 713.4 243.1 15520 0.36 2 3.07 0.747 12 6466 926 299.3 39.2 1.34
199408 199408Z - 59.d 342.1 79.9 7760 2 150 7.93 599700 497.8 139.5 14890 0.55 1.31 3.17 3.39 13.03 5229 209.2 133.3 38 1.55
199408 199408Z - 60.d 343.6 189.9 9030 1.8 120 7.62 600300 523.7 163.7 14990 0.49 3.25 5.5 4.91 21.8 4151 191.4 104.4 32.5 1.75
199408 199408Z - 61.d 335.7 82.5 9020 1.6 85 8.29 602100 453.5 146.2 7860 0.26 1.34 3.91 15.03 11.4 4607 418 85.4 77.8 1.51
199408 199408Z - 62.d 383.5 505 9360 1.6 135 7.54 597100 727.7 239.5 10710 0.35 2.49 5.66 19.35 26.63 4765 581 161.3 21.4 1.83
199408 199408Z - 63.d 345 140 8590 2.1 125 7.75 602100 575 190.2 10590 0.215 1.5 3.44 1.63 12.39 3953 264.3 111.7 29.5 1.16
199408 199408Z - 64.d 343 64.1 7820 1.8 105 6.93 600100 385.1 145.1 9040 0.27 1.8 4.33 3.94 10.7 4813 174.1 85.2 64.8 1.31
199408 199408Z - 65.d 397 475 9480 1.45 115 7.58 601600 518.8 168.3 11100 0.245 1.56 4.08 7.84 11.06 4151 196.3 96.5 31.78 1.29
199408 199408Z - 66.d 353.4 153.7 8680 1.5 100 6.88 598000 662.5 224.4 14510 0.25 1.54 3.52 2.5 11.6 5982 540.9 211.8 35.4 1.56
199408 199408Z - 67.d 344 117 8450 1.6 110 6.89 599300 564.4 170.7 12920 0.24 2.09 4.54 2.89 11.47 4325 180.8 120.6 32.6 1.11
199408 199408Z - 68.d 339.2 60.9 8050 1.95 135 7.69 598300 359.6 136.8 9370 0.21 2.93 4.27 4.85 14.44 4838 267 85.9 113 1.45
199408 199408Z - 69.d 347 140 8040 1.85 110 7.07 603000 490.3 114.5 5606 0.205 1.67 3.94 7.42 8.31 3523 267.2 55.7 46 0.86
199408 199408Z - 70.d 341.4 107 23000 1.7 125 7.18 596300 489.5 143.5 8680 0.175 2.2 3.53 4.24 11.19 3820 141.5 73.9 44.4 1.16
199408 199408Z - 71.d 425 670 10850 1.5 120 6.76 601400 476.6 110.7 6640 0.19 1.33 4.48 1.56 10.8 3389 341.4 39.8 51 0.8
199408 199408Z - 72.d 335 37 8000 1.95 140 8.17 602900 429.4 147 9900 0.185 1.65 2.75 7.56 12.47 5472 303.4 113.8 70.4 1.67
199408 199408Z - 73.d 364.1 231 7590 1.75 100 7.31 600600 537.1 166.9 12290 0.18 1.17 3.57 4.44 10.72 4488 187.7 110.3 32.1 1.2468 J.K. P ORTERAppendix D  Table 1 Page 80 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file
199408 199408Z - 33.d
199408 199408Z - 34.d
199408 199408Z - 35.d
199408 199408Z - 36.d
199408 199408Z - 37.d
199408 199408Z - 38.d
199408 199408Z - 39.d
199408 199408Z - 40.d
199408 199408Z - 41.d
199408 199408Z - 42.d
199408 199408Z - 43.d
199408 199408Z - 44.d
199408 199408Z - 45.d
199408 199408Z - 46.d
199408 199408Z - 47.d
199408 199408Z - 48.d
199408 199408Z - 49.d
199408 199408Z - 50.d
199408 199408Z - 51.d
199408 199408Z - 52.d
199408 199408Z - 53.d
199408 199408Z - 54.d
199408 199408Z - 55.d
199408 199408Z - 56.d
199408 199408Z - 57.d
199408 199408Z - 58.d
199408 199408Z - 59.d
199408 199408Z - 60.d
199408 199408Z - 61.d
199408 199408Z - 62.d
199408 199408Z - 63.d
199408 199408Z - 64.d
199408 199408Z - 65.d
199408 199408Z - 66.d
199408 199408Z - 67.d
199408 199408Z - 68.d
199408 199408Z - 69.d
199408 199408Z - 70.d
199408 199408Z - 71.d
199408 199408Z - 72.d
199408 199408Z - 73.dTa W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Th U Group C Rocktype Rock Unit
289.7 87.1 4 1.86 0.274 1.57 13.77 3.138 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
209.5 88.4 6.5 2.45 0.91 3.08 23.44 3.36 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
304 653.5 17.2 55.5 19.57 26.3 90 68.3 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
230.6 64.4 5.5 2.61 0.483 2.34 21.56 4.15 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
238.1 110.3 7 3.1 0.519 4.16 45.4 5.72 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
212.5 141.9 6 1.62 0.326 0.987 7.58 2.554 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
190.5 138.4 6 2.08 0.291 3.48 38.4 3.83 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
225.6 66.2 5.5 2.23 0.59 1.97 14.93 2.87 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
252.4 82 9 2.87 0.521 1.74 16.26 5.48 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
285.9 114.6 8 1.4 0.049 0.462 5.92 2.898 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
208 16.3 5.5 2.95 0.677 1.724 14.32 4.87 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
328.5 89.9 9 1.83 0.543 1.125 11.07 2.58 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
166.3 12.6 6.5 1.46 0.189 0.629 6.14 3.23 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
200.9 161.7 7.5 1.7 0.489 2.49 21.3 2.573 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
201.3 147.4 5 2.11 0.382 3.42 35.5 3.635 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
299.3 77.8 8.5 1.34 0.318 1.232 10.38 2.39 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
265.7 100.7 7.5 1.21 0.176 0.508 4.94 2.357 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
340.2 86.4 7 1.14 0.175 0.418 4.41 2.322 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
175 88.9 8.5 1.94 0.17 2.32 25.34 3.71 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
205.6 1003 8.5 5.16 2.66 9.44 86.4 5.36 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
241.3 61.5 9 1.94 0.223 1.55 15.99 3.28 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
241.6 107.2 8.5 1.97 0.4 1.66 13.29 3.208 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
292.6 106.2 11 2.84 0.66 1.424 13.61 4.88 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
320.1 343.8 11 0.93 0.108 0.513 6.1 1.842 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
272 89.9 9.5 1.81 0.256 1.492 13.7 3.14 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
223.3 384 11 2.06 0.307 1.7 16.12 3.7 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
272.9 101.4 7 2.14 0.215 1.9 19.2 3.87 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
210.5 90.9 8 3.09 0.71 3.43 32.2 4.069 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
247.9 78.9 16 2.94 0.402 1.28 14.75 5.79 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
179.3 140 7 6.06 2.18 12.31 127.1 7.65 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
176.6 80.9 63 1.96 0.7 2.24 21.66 2.521 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
312 82.3 7 1.25 0.234 0.536 4.33 2.344 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
193.2 86.2 11.5 2.41 0.429 3.33 35.59 4.58 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
251.8 307.7 10 1.9 0.255 2.29 25.49 3.377 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
235.8 91.3 7 1.66 0.411 2.04 18.29 2.419 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
313.5 104.9 9 2.08 0.568 1.32 9.66 2.79 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
207.8 33.3 8 2.67 0.417 1.632 15.58 5.11 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
210.8 64.3 19 2.11 0.359 1.177 11.45 3.47 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
191.7 12.14 23 2.24 0.406 0.615 4.96 4.57 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
318 109.1 10 1.92 0.309 0.931 10.77 3.57 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
234.8 87.6 8.5 1.35 0.197 2.1 24.7 2.844 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon RangeAppendix D J.K. P ORTER 469Appendix D  Table 1 Page 81 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file Mg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf
199408 199408Z - 74.d 437 830 9670 2.25 281 9.64 599500 297.5 106.1 7500 0.205 2.01 4.13 99.4 80.6 6190 630 76.2 68.1 2.9
199408 199408Z - 75.d 383 394 13430 3.17 115 9.65 596700 390.4 151.2 8410 0.48 1.95 4.55 59 146.8 5188 498 75.3 48.2 5.69
199408 199408Z - 76.d 348.7 112.1 8250 1.45 135 6.14 595600 682.3 269.2 17160 0.185 1.78 3.5 2.01 10.35 7615 611 246 38.6 1.14
199408 199408Z - 77.d 341.5 113 8670 1.6 100 6.89 599100 342.3 138.9 7200 0.235 1.91 4.8 4.66 9.43 4924 261.6 78.5 134.9 0.91
199408 199408Z - 78.d 363.5 186 7100 1.8 150 6.37 600500 493 157.7 8350 0.235 1.31 3.74 4.67 9.84 3998 217.6 74.5 47.1 1.09
199408 199408Z - 79.d 334.7 72.7 7500 1.3 105 8.28 597700 569.3 163.1 10920 0.285 1.75 3.63 0.898 15.61 5475 377.6 163.9 38.8 1.62
199408 199408Z - 80.d 453 765 7520 1.8 145 6.59 601800 505.1 188.8 9550 0.195 1.86 4.38 9 8.89 2316 84.9 49 17.97 0.83
199408 199408Z - 81.d 409 608 7540 1.65 130 7.05 601900 354 177 5939 0.24 2.17 4.73 8.95 8.22 4905 465 76.5 103.5 0.84
199408 199408Z - 82.d 397 442 8890 1.75 120 6.1 604300 372.7 201.5 6740 0.25 2.42 5.52 17.2 8.48 4406 441 70 87.6 0.85
199408 199408Z - 83.d 382 289 8560 1.45 115 7.35 600800 447.5 134.9 13310 0.265 2.01 4.39 3.58 15.02 5248 237 106.5 58.5 1.23
199408 199408Z - 84.d 349.6 172 8920 1.75 125 7.61 602400 489.3 149.3 13510 0.36 1.94 4.03 3.24 16.84 5059 153.1 107.2 43.2 1.35
199408 199408Z - 85.d 380.3 339 9450 1.25 140 7.02 604000 481.5 163.9 10640 0.23 2.14 3.68 6.25 10.3 4195 118.5 80.3 35.5 1.13
199408 199408Z - 86.d 356 222 8300 2 120 6.08 598800 447.1 135.9 11310 0.245 2.9 4.55 0.709 15.38 5473 118.2 115.8 43.7 1.52
199408 199408Z - 87.d 355.6 209 8710 1.6 135 8.03 593700 534.7 175.6 12880 0.51 4.41 3.93 1.31 12.31 4777 237.3 129.8 33.7 1.04
199408 199408Z - 88.d 334.4 19.6 8150 1.3 100 8.24 598800 539.1 160.4 14290 0.29 1.3 4.1 0.334 12.04 5718 339.2 161 40.6 1.38
199408 199408Z - 89.d 354 170 8130 1.2 115 9.01 601100 517.7 152.6 11990 0.225 3.92 3.57 9 134 5692 277 166.4 34.7 4.91
199408 199408Z - 90.d 415 254 10700 2.6 160 6.89 593500 528.9 204 10580 0.41 7 6.8 2.01 12.94 3878 187.9 123.9 34 0.91
199408 199408Z - 91.d 407 584 15200 1.45 125 5.74 602500 531.7 207.1 14740 0.57 1.94 4.12 6.7 16.7 2582 98.4 55.6 21.02 0.84
199408 199408Z - 92.d 369.1 267 8690 1.75 100 8.45 600700 530.9 186.5 11830 0.22 2.4 3.15 8.4 66 3704 107.6 68.4 26 2.56
199408 199408Z - 93.d 409 574 9540 1.75 140 6.06 602200 524.2 219.8 11040 0.185 2.36 4.9 5.49 8.29 2357 96.9 48.4 16.08 0.6
199408 199408Z - 94.d 341.4 38.9 7410 1.55 170 6.56 596700 567.2 188.5 13700 0.23 1.78 4.69 0.334 10.7 6689 435.5 236.7 43.8 1.27
199408 199408Z - 95.d 406 504 9810 1.5 140 5.48 605300 347.2 202.6 6920 0.25 2.52 4.43 5.18 7.9 3558 133.9 59.5 45 0.73
199408 199408Z - 96.d 381 255 7310 1.8 125 5.92 598400 489.3 185.6 8150 0.3 5.17 5.15 2.98 9.95 3560 138.1 81.4 24.8 0.91
199408 199408Z - 97.d 375 251 8250 2.05 120 5.98 596200 462.5 188.1 6170 0.225 1.66 2.99 2.53 6.56 3210 226.6 40.4 46 0.48
199408 199408Z - 98.d 345.3 137 7950 1.7 100 6.97 601100 567.2 170 11020 0.15 1.63 4.57 4.12 10.4 3940 161 93.6 29.5 1.11
199408 199408Z - 99.d 358.7 263 9120 1.5 125 7.64 594700 356.2 118.7 6700 0.255 1.92 5.05 58.5 10.95 4128 248.1 56.8 39.5 1.1
199408 199408Z - 100.d 367.9 244 7750 1.6 105 7.64 598400 392.9 169.7 6300 0.265 1.52 2.77 13.8 10.28 4852 561 79.8 80.7 1.2
199414 199414ZS - 1.d 387.9 6270 10530 4.3 1015 169.9 602400 1778 117.5 6880 0.73 25.7 32.7 77 200.3 511.1 3.76 126.2 24.41 12.98
199414 199414ZS - 2.d 296.7 22.9 600 3.96 85 9.11 601100 843.3 1027 2672 0.09 2.55 5.68 0.157 74.88 379 5.25 158.5 1.62 7.94
199414 199414ZS - 3.d 335.8 389 1200 3.25 85 5.37 601900 156.1 188 8060 0.2 2.73 7.87 15.7 12.56 2610 104.7 55.1 112.3 1.145
199414 199414ZS - 4.d 736 4250 6600 8.79 645 25 601100 4626 599.1 4090 1.07 10.91 19.2 1070 109.3 1446 104.4 303.5 13.99 5.22
199414 199414ZS - 5.d 400.5 1100 2550 3.77 240 74.2 600900 2117 8380 818 0.155 5.19 9.6 12.7 322 3019 27.7 638 28.7 18.47
199414 199414ZS - 6.d 419 1648 3830 5 468 3.69 600000 253.8 215 20170 0.56 39.4 26.1 25.42 40.6 3187 11.66 78.9 60 1.59
199414 199414ZS - 7.d 2790 2300 2940 2.28 80 20.62 602600 1305 548.7 3740 1.17 2.05 15.2 0.146 102.4 841 1.1 237 1.21 5.42
199414 199414ZS - 8.d 352 456 1830 2.87 426 23.97 600600 147 141.3 3530 0.085 6.94 12.26 77.9 47.53 1790 3.01 125.1 4.85 3.55
199414 199414ZS - 9.d 282.7 33.9 475 1.86 90 1.17 602100 268.1 336 2784 0.1 2.88 6.27 0.073 134.1 176.1 7.53 10.26 25.36 7.15
199414 199414ZS - 10.d 441 2840 5220 2.94 461 21.87 600500 396.6 843.6 6630 0.24 6.92 9.14 130 40.25 3937 19.4 374.5 694 3.49
199414 199414ZS - 11.d 332 547 1300 2.84 214 8.36 598100 662.1 792 2277 0.19 3.62 6.57 3.82 167.8 2028 0.57 95.9 5.87 9.15
199414 199414ZS - 12.d 279.1 123.7 550 2.48 80 4.37 600600 597 67.9 3900 0.15 2.07 5.46 0.105 77.43 351.2 0.54 7.91 19.39 5.48
199414 199414ZS - 13.d 274.2 116.8 425 0.9 65 2.93 603600 602.6 65.8 3870 0.19 1.84 4.6 0.107 89.66 373.9 0.57 8.72 20.17 6.08
199414 199414ZS - 14.d 263.6 207.2 770 1.95 60 12.11 602800 1316 115.3 2014 0.11 1.81 5.53 0.093 155.2 587.6 0.59 114.7 0.497 9.42470 J.K. P ORTERAppendix D  Table 1 Page 82 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file
199408 199408Z - 74.d
199408 199408Z - 75.d
199408 199408Z - 76.d
199408 199408Z - 77.d
199408 199408Z - 78.d
199408 199408Z - 79.d
199408 199408Z - 80.d
199408 199408Z - 81.d
199408 199408Z - 82.d
199408 199408Z - 83.d
199408 199408Z - 84.d
199408 199408Z - 85.d
199408 199408Z - 86.d
199408 199408Z - 87.d
199408 199408Z - 88.d
199408 199408Z - 89.d
199408 199408Z - 90.d
199408 199408Z - 91.d
199408 199408Z - 92.d
199408 199408Z - 93.d
199408 199408Z - 94.d
199408 199408Z - 95.d
199408 199408Z - 96.d
199408 199408Z - 97.d
199408 199408Z - 98.d
199408 199408Z - 99.d
199408 199408Z - 100.d
199414 199414ZS - 1.d
199414 199414ZS - 2.d
199414 199414ZS - 3.d
199414 199414ZS - 4.d
199414 199414ZS - 5.d
199414 199414ZS - 6.d
199414 199414ZS - 7.d
199414 199414ZS - 8.d
199414 199414ZS - 9.d
199414 199414ZS - 10.d
199414 199414ZS - 11.d
199414 199414ZS - 12.d
199414 199414ZS - 13.d
199414 199414ZS - 14.dTa W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Th U Group C Rocktype Rock Unit
368.6 239 11.5 9.26 2.36 7.03 67.7 16.16 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
295.7 131.7 9.5 6.08 1.88 5.04 49.3 10.04 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
253.9 841 9 1.66 0.366 1.94 21.82 2.979 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
345.1 95 10 1.94 0.727 0.979 3.51 2.835 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
226.7 63.3 9.5 2.1 0.358 1.464 15.2 3.78 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
235.9 143.9 17.2 1.68 0.224 1.324 13.56 2.936 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
122.5 27.2 8.5 2.65 0.646 3.8 41.47 3.98 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
277 120.6 10 3.4 1.62 1.94 6.62 3.85 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
237.9 93.5 8.5 3.4 1.1 2.05 12.69 5.09 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
315.9 100.2 6.5 2.29 0.53 1.408 10.32 3.395 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
298.9 98.2 9 2.12 0.398 2.13 20.8 2.889 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
253 63.3 8 2 0.382 2.21 24.94 3.64 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
353.2 100.2 34 1.56 0.361 1.19 14.13 2.065 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
234.5 123.3 80 2.45 0.67 1.74 12.65 2.73 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
273.1 136.6 9 1.28 0.13 0.45 5.51 2.644 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
277.1 146.4 82 2.39 1.07 1.63 14.28 5.2 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
199.1 90.4 36 2.83 0.83 2.63 15.57 2.56 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
132.2 32.31 7 2.73 0.88 3.75 42.3 3.87 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
189.8 52.5 4.5 2.36 0.538 2.17 25.4 3.96 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
113.2 22.9 7.5 1.88 0.373 2.27 26.6 3.02 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
305.6 325.7 9 1.19 0.208 0.936 7.38 2.034 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
244.7 57.8 7.5 2.6 0.51 1.21 7.05 3.09 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
199 75.4 8 2 0.505 1.98 16.87 2.52 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
193.8 13.72 5.5 2.27 0.235 1.062 9.71 4.74 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
212 67.5 8 2.36 0.67 2.4 23.7 3.3 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
260.3 61.8 5.5 5.22 1.3 6.55 75.29 8.69 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
260.5 89.5 7 3.15 0.493 1.219 14.83 6.75 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Dixon Range beds, Dixon Range
20.48 734 110.6 131.9 111.4 126.8 324 20.58 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
11.8 101.6 1.85 13.16 1.043 0.303 2.46 29.91 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
130.6 28.9 1.3 10.32 1.61 3.05 19.5 14.06 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
62.27 207 8.6 20.6 8.08 15.09 101.6 21.3 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
101.5 273.3 4.4 5.85 2.82 4.4 20.1 4.77 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
326 782 58.2 356.6 80.3 80.2 206.8 499 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
61.06 47.4 2.8 0.78 0.247 0.258 0.34 1.389 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
34.98 114.5 2.55 16.09 3.65 8.22 48.5 18.28 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
3.36 50.7 2.15 3.5 0.292 0.087 0.0069 8 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
238.6 620 63.1 143.8 76.1 77.5 117.4 94.3 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
101.6 64.9 4.1 9.16 3.44 4.2 14.69 9.76 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
19.64 3.05 1.95 0.0475 0.03 0.0185 0.00355 0.0271 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
20.72 2.64 1.4 0.028 0.037 0.0155 0.0025 0.0522 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
45.59 53.5 1.65 0.072 0.027 0.0175 0.0022 0.159 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick RangeAppendix D J.K. P ORTER 471Appendix D  Table 1 Page 83 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file Mg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf
199414 199414ZS - 15.d 394.1 1771 21620 4.3 531 94.5 601400 308.7 147.8 18190 1.45 23.7 13 40 138.5 14800 8.48 969 58.1 4.57
199414 199414ZS - 16.d 408.3 493 970 7.1 227 101.2 603900 1063 2034 611 0.155 5.5 9.28 1.368 59.6 2219 2.3 191.8 19.38 8.15
199414 199414ZS - 17.d 854 8370 14200 4.19 787 30.09 601400 1371 1370 2808 2.66 11.93 15.4 22.01 46.24 2533 4.06 878 114.1 2.35
199414 199414ZS - 18.d 503 2050 4320 2.75 324 4.24 597100 357.9 100.7 4630 0.91 3.35 10.67 17.47 5.19 727 1.08 109.9 29.37 0.201
199414 199414ZS - 19.d 409.1 2470 113900 4.39 708 46.8 599000 658.5 158.8 12420 0.93 6 11.5 14.79 470 5440 24.6 271.4 54 14.13
199414 199414ZS - 20.d 275.3 71 290 1.63 70 37 600500 450.8 2188 3429 0.135 2.31 5.98 0.189 22.93 2247 0.55 331 49.9 1.64
199414 199414ZS - 21.d 375.9 1270 1950 2.85 405 102.9 603500 1406 342.5 8620 18.5 20 9.4 6.96 5056 213.2 8.6 218 43.3 112.6
199414 199414ZS - 22.d 294.7 16.4 330 1.59 55 16.01 598500 724 1658 3242 0.24 1.86 4.81 0.62 11.92 140.1 0.40 74.3 0.095 0.917
199414 199414ZS - 23.d 454 2070 2650 4.3 417 8.44 602400 1885 1648 1060 0.25 6.53 7.65 2.33 14.75 1418 143.5 404.5 71.7 1.37
199414 199414ZS - 24.d 477 4111 20760 1.25 464 60.1 603400 297.1 90.5 15450 0.95 11.12 9.7 15.47 92.8 16130 15.17 694 31.3 3.11
199414 199414ZS - 25.d 429.7 2123 18740 4.1 534 66.4 608400 281.6 123.7 14900 0.51 17.27 14.7 120.1 1896 7245 83.7 231.1 50.7 54.5
199414 199414ZS - 26.d 406.5 1260 33500 1.2 496 54.5 604900 449.5 104.4 6200 1.41 17.4 8 6.26 187.9 2050 24.1 182.6 37.5 7.42
199414 199414ZS - 27.d 340.1 1259 6960 1.05 579 47 603900 288.7 178.5 5566 0.48 6.73 16.2 64 161.4 1860 19.34 331.7 17.74 4.37
199414 199414ZS - 28.d 286.9 145 1010 1.9 80 1.58 604400 1496 1365 913 0.145 2.05 4.79 0.112 39.79 136.7 0.342 5.09 36.3 2.5
199414 199414ZS - 29.d 885 5580 10670 3.86 1118 40.8 600800 63.7 215.5 14270 1.12 13.9 14.7 58.1 46.37 3840 7.21 126 73.5 1.63
199414 199414ZS - 30.d 292.8 68 790 2.67 65 46.67 605000 703.8 830.4 2893 0.28 2.09 5.36 0.477 114.7 2469 3.12 287.3 3.53 7.45
199414 199414ZS - 31.d 1349 2809 5630 3.63 184 8.03 606900 189.5 341.6 8280 4.49 23.86 15.3 65.6 636 2698 20.43 60.4 180.2 20.52
199414 199414ZS - 32.d 314.6 72.7 425 2.72 268 22.89 603800 400.2 176.2 5641 0.3 3.62 6.68 14.86 17.83 5346 1.23 235.6 43.7 1.63
199414 199414ZS - 33.d 300.4 115 310 3.68 335 3.82 599000 1330 775 4360 0.135 2.96 6.87 3.61 8.39 875 17.64 58.6 18.77 0.645
199414 199414ZS - 34.d 357.1 1035 3210 3.17 1617 16.86 603600 1398 792 5320 0.35 7.77 10.57 10.09 486 1461 14.03 185 40.3 19.29
199414 199414ZS - 35.d 594 2460 6750 3.08 274 42.2 602500 1130 1442 1207 1.14 7.19 9.5 38.98 250.7 1529 15.42 246.4 6.93 10.6
199414 199414ZS - 36.d 412.9 897 4300 3.21 1062 94.9 607100 548.6 159.7 23520 4.93 50.2 31.6 124.2 344.5 13850 82.3 468 61.7 10.04
199414 199414ZS - 37.d 321.9 63.2 415 3.11 426 8.56 606200 2126 1092 1994 0.28 6.94 14.8 15.1 1815 1626 13.34 132.9 13.1 54.6
199414 199414ZS - 38.d 1144 6010 13930 2.46 110 16.67 602800 183.7 154.9 7920 1.52 11.34 11.5 6.34 27.87 3250 198.8 137.7 187.3 2.98
199414 199414ZS - 39.d 361 335 1510 2.4 801 25.27 598000 284.1 1237 4279 0.16 2.81 22.8 141.1 49.61 3623 4.03 417 7.44 8.29
199414 199414ZS - 40.d 462 1328 25520 1.3 749 39.22 604800 350.7 124.1 17980 3.67 38 22 70.5 173 5802 7.2 617 77.1 4.5
199414 199414ZS - 41.d 484.9 5700 24830 1.45 498 10.86 602300 270.4 103.1 9480 1.17 19.22 9.4 27.46 99.8 835.3 4.99 74.3 31.7 2.63
199414 199414ZS - 42.d 603 3609 45900 1.7 996 30.5 606500 586 272 75300 7.86 24.3 54.9 9.48 246.5 7451 9.65 666 97.3 6.18
199414 199414ZS - 43.d 427.7 954 2460 3.68 970 196 607900 359.6 188.5 8720 1.11 28 25 1350 361.4 4681 50.1 560.1 45.2 20.15
199414 199414ZS - 44.d 468 993 11630 2.38 321 6.46 603000 165.1 184.2 4497 0.59 7.42 38.9 70.8 256 2974 41.7 53.2 656 10.47
199414 199414ZS - 45.d 1705 8000 33000 3.02 700 61.6 605400 1115 191.5 15600 35.4 62.2 43.4 5.02 1475 848 24.4 207.8 55.7 71.6
199414 199414ZS - 46.d 331.9 785 2050 2.01 70 8.68 607700 372.4 534.5 6870 0.16 3.25 5.29 0.323 110.7 1833 26.14 173.2 837 6.38
199414 199414ZS - 47.d 1540 1636 5080 2.57 496 36.3 603400 100.6 230 7650 1.26 4.89 12.2 30.23 103.1 2063 47.7 102.5 69 4.31
199414 199414ZS - 48.d 707 3000 18300 3.06 125 3.29 603200 120.3 96.1 5840 0.86 6.63 17.3 11.69 256.5 3948 18.45 37.9 188.5 9.11
199414 199414ZS - 49.d 472.5 1595 60600 11.98 1220 9.39 603400 352.8 698.8 4963 0.21 5.94 8.8 6.99 694 3426 164.6 75.7 59.4 30.11
199414 199414ZS - 50.d 537 4650 10020 5.01 1229 47.9 606300 213.2 1235 8720 0.375 14.87 32.2 58.59 108.14 3624 40.2 632 83.3 4.35
199414 199414ZS - 51.d 471.4 4490 5380 3.09 217 33.7 602800 1279 1309 1218 0.98 8.8 10.08 389 503 2057 3.74 97.7 41.8 16.76
199414 199414ZS - 52.d 617 6090 69600 5.4 1020 118 597400 832 249.7 15720 0.66 23.2 12.1 31.9 458.1 3636 37.2 537 60.3 13.5
199414 199414ZS - 53.d 698 5350 8770 3.92 624 115.5 603900 668 832 2054 2.58 14.24 14.9 13.62 1581 1659 16.55 59.9 10.87 43.57
199414 199414ZS - 54.d 368.5 426 850 1.85 412 15.24 605500 2298 2569 1074 0.38 4.19 12.9 2.72 78.9 2804 62.7 1183 138.1 3.75
199414 199414ZS - 55.d 519 6960 27000 3.21 707 42.8 607000 379.6 157.8 23440 1.17 25 26.2 141 2950 7641 12.28 325 54.1 66472 J.K. P ORTERAppendix D  Table 1 Page 84 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file
199414 199414ZS - 15.d
199414 199414ZS - 16.d
199414 199414ZS - 17.d
199414 199414ZS - 18.d
199414 199414ZS - 19.d
199414 199414ZS - 20.d
199414 199414ZS - 21.d
199414 199414ZS - 22.d
199414 199414ZS - 23.d
199414 199414ZS - 24.d
199414 199414ZS - 25.d
199414 199414ZS - 26.d
199414 199414ZS - 27.d
199414 199414ZS - 28.d
199414 199414ZS - 29.d
199414 199414ZS - 30.d
199414 199414ZS - 31.d
199414 199414ZS - 32.d
199414 199414ZS - 33.d
199414 199414ZS - 34.d
199414 199414ZS - 35.d
199414 199414ZS - 36.d
199414 199414ZS - 37.d
199414 199414ZS - 38.d
199414 199414ZS - 39.d
199414 199414ZS - 40.d
199414 199414ZS - 41.d
199414 199414ZS - 42.d
199414 199414ZS - 43.d
199414 199414ZS - 44.d
199414 199414ZS - 45.d
199414 199414ZS - 46.d
199414 199414ZS - 47.d
199414 199414ZS - 48.d
199414 199414ZS - 49.d
199414 199414ZS - 50.d
199414 199414ZS - 51.d
199414 199414ZS - 52.d
199414 199414ZS - 53.d
199414 199414ZS - 54.d
199414 199414ZS - 55.dTa W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Th U Group C Rocktype Rock Unit
1151 941 256 286 260 267 161.3 24.75 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
90 72.8 1.4 11.87 2.75 5.88 41.73 15.12 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
125.5 525 19.9 35.6 19.12 42.8 250.9 25.45 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
47.4 532 12.2 16.29 10.7 13.05 23.5 7.06 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
231.2 543 119 140.6 119.1 135.6 214 31.93 6 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
84.48 151.4 1.55 2.97 0.509 0.355 0.47 5.89 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
10.82 824 47 48.6 43.4 46.9 63 2.593 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
8.74 0.185 1.95 0.135 0.048 0.256 2.18 0.154 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
49.18 469 1.65 15.97 2.93 2.46 8.7 23.21 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
898 660 110 122.3 109.3 112.7 47.4 4.41 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
176.2 807 175 218.3 180.3 185.6 174.5 52.3 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
68.03 369.2 35.5 45.1 32.6 36.7 67.5 13.47 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
29.55 417 199 241.4 200.1 217.7 118.4 36.27 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
5.94 8.3 1.75 0.34 0.29 0.29 0.075 0.093 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
222.4 237.8 167 333 182 257 831 235.9 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
33.51 78.7 2.7 14.37 1.66 0.917 3.98 13.81 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
105 645.7 33.5 57.6 34 49.7 156.2 33.74 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
373 248.5 2.55 5.72 1.08 3.03 21.57 7.3 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
51.7 88.2 2.05 5.8 2.13 2.47 8.59 5.97 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
69.18 294.2 6.3 23.62 8.02 15.03 74.2 26.6 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
82.86 335.4 8.3 24.87 8.12 24.84 194.4 31.71 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
625.9 1801 454 553 474.8 562 532.9 70.18 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
51.16 195.9 7.5 23.2 6.6 12.2 57.4 26.7 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
146.5 234 2.2 15.81 4.2 4.93 11.32 20.38 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
114.1 171.2 17.1 51.6 18.46 31.8 131.39 53.97 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
939.3 1732 383 483 393 408 199.3 81.2 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
54.49 637.5 78.5 145.7 79.4 79.6 77.16 113.2 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
392.5 747 431 520 431 466 209.6 54.9 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
177.6 1067 58 350 78 730 5000 280 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
116.5 389.3 81.6 138.9 89.5 101.6 146.8 88.7 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
36.85 2134 97.8 110.5 99 104.1 48.44 2.28 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
86.78 394 2.25 46.2 3.59 0.718 1.01 101.2 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
65 248.8 20.2 39.7 19.4 32.9 128.8 31.28 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
156 355 11.1 33.3 11.06 14.51 51.6 38.53 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
130.4 320 21.2 45.2 22.55 22.59 20.62 37.24 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
102.29 477.8 29.4 164.1 42.8 107.5 770 201.7 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
100.2 141.3 4.1 17.93 4.2 5.73 124.6 23.51 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
61.3 1106 99.6 227.5 115.3 136.8 246.7 125.8 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
59.38 82 8 27.7 9.11 11.32 23.97 23.57 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
120 607 35.6 79.5 39.1 36.8 12.49 73 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
520 1082 243 354.8 248.7 318.3 576 140 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick RangeAppendix D J.K. P ORTER 473Appendix D  Table 1 Page 85 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file Mg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf
199414 199414ZS - 56.d 280.8 101.3 720 6.5 530 36.08 600500 1345 332.4 4088 0.175 2.06 8.29 10.6 137.9 251.5 7.34 262.9 37.38 5.58
199414 199414ZS - 57.d 502 1830 4120 3.97 949 33.3 605200 708 2978 3259 0.8 47.5 23.2 92.1 30.93 2918 13.07 1285 24.6 5.65
199414 199414ZS - 58.d 309 390 2200 4.53 191 19.6 604400 1547 5434 220 0.095 12.6 10.7 28.8 ####### 2289 57 308.9 21.29 50
199414 199414ZS - 59.d 292.8 257 1590 6.02 588 9.1 605500 339.5 274.8 12200 0.175 68.2 15.4 62.9 520 2847 68.8 202.5 69.5 15.4
199414 199414ZS - 60.d 549 1866 5580 2.17 650 8.49 606800 133.6 219.9 7680 0.9 23.5 8.52 45.81 195.8 2772 48.6 123.2 85.5 9.03
199414 199414ZS - 61.d 418 1615 1000 4.06 55 7.68 601100 782 677.2 2619 0.53 1.9 4.54 0.72 38.16 1422 0.313 136.5 55.1 3.37
199414 199414ZS - 62.d 1154 6230 11650 2.32 270 2.76 603600 127.2 418 5430 1.41 6.07 20.1 21.17 25.17 3725 11.2 136.3 46 2.07
199414 199414ZS - 63.d 327 167 1110 1.79 642 239.1 606400 322.5 260.8 5080 0.48 43 18.1 50.7 13.37 1458 1.8 202.6 7.93 0.662
199414 199414ZS - 64.d 306.1 227 80300 0.95 95 5.52 604700 569.4 109.9 4969 0.2 12.86 5.97 27.11 66.81 2696 1.96 71.1 95.9 3.31
199414 199414ZS - 65.d 470 3244 72700 1.4 522 126.3 605800 1394 216.8 12020 14.6 11.54 16.8 5.97 1262 195.8 7.14 142.4 35.8 34.14
199414 199414ZS - 66.d 1000 2340 4180 1 526 13.07 598500 147.5 100.3 7740 1.87 2.36 6.13 83.8 50.3 3923 361 117.4 82.6 4.3
199414 199414ZS - 67.d 351.3 115.2 2130 1.59 184 3.85 607000 241.1 2183 3550 0.68 4.86 23.8 16.89 853.2 2948 31.3 358.9 51.7 35.4
199414 199414ZS - 68.d 424.9 1434 4110 3.48 651 25.24 599400 334.3 87 8910 0.22 27.1 22.3 134.3 142.4 7129 8.25 147.7 46 4.1
199414 199414ZS - 69.d 742 5260 30100 4.31 727 27.2 605100 198.5 105.1 12520 2.66 19.02 18 85.7 187.4 6280 6.43 286.8 45.3 5.94
199414 199414ZS - 70.d 310 1130 76500 2.95 95 3.4 602000 80 44.1 6932 0.55 5.07 6.82 15.61 139 9149 12.18 21.92 63 9.5
199414 199414ZS - 71.d 470 1630 121500 4.81 693 22.75 602500 312.4 146 15650 2.63 5.1 11.1 44.75 193 11255 76.3 427 51.3 9.87
199414 199414ZS - 72.d 460 4000 6540 1.7 145 38.3 602800 371.1 68.2 8540 1.43 16.6 6.36 2.98 1339 3425 49.1 80.9 11.67 37.61
199414 199414ZS - 73.d 403.6 1930 9150 1.2 511 41.5 605400 1282 219.8 8530 2.31 45.2 10.9 14.32 5220 947 28.61 187.3 59 157.9
199414 199414ZS - 74.d 533 3260 70700 2.93 115 10 604600 196.7 136.2 6470 0.61 9.9 7 104 99 2945 46.9 104.2 45.8 3.3
199414 199414ZS - 75.d 680 8580 14780 2.28 431 73.2 603300 660 848 1881 1.29 11.38 15.9 5.64 64.17 2606 11.07 237.9 22.48 6.79
199414 199414ZS - 76.d 506 1830 3510 2.09 366 18.69 602100 239.3 78.1 7190 0.54 3.7 7.12 39.9 64 4749 260.4 90.5 188.9 4.86
199414 199414ZS - 77.d 309.9 282.4 1010 2.48 554 13.22 603800 1541 1130 1942 0.41 7.62 14.9 59.89 8.82 1395 0.226 542.8 19.55 0.734
199414 199414ZS - 78.d 366 240 1690 1.15 290 16.68 606300 909 217.9 23600 0.41 2.51 13.3 115.6 43.7 7020 53.7 1114 2.34 4.44
199414 199414ZS - 79.d 669.3 3406 119500 9.9 2770 18.02 600600 330.9 128.4 12700 0.98 8.48 10.8 52 156.7 5710 14.93 431.8 66 4.67
199414 199414ZS - 80.d 558 1990 4910 2.78 660 2.37 602800 73.1 75.3 11020 0.125 4.5 22.9 4.34 24.05 6023 11.78 62.9 131.8 1.58
199414 199414ZS - 81.d 1532 5930 16400 7.2 678 94.1 606900 703.5 1138 7480 6.95 14.4 11.4 137.6 606.4 2547 19.31 182 53.1 17.58
199414 199414ZS - 82.d 534 2190 6130 2.05 1016 10.76 604800 134.8 74.4 10110 1.21 32.7 52.3 106.9 71.3 4732 2.06 74.7 39.7 2.69
199414 199414ZS - 83.d 760 480 1330 1.94 819 64.1 601700 649.7 1367 1310 0.59 3.19 26.5 6.74 24.72 2987 6.7 227.1 18.08 3.3
199414 199414ZS - 84.d 384.2 725 1050 3.8 829 12.77 601300 2306 2587 672 0.28 35.4 19.2 20.43 622.3 1527 6.06 384.4 69.5 30.27
199414 199414ZS - 85.d 318 195.2 435 2.38 810 16.01 605300 783 1937 4440 0.21 50.8 16.7 9.14 66.88 2911 4.65 568 107.2 4.57
199414 199414ZS - 86.d 500 1726 4220 4.29 634 29.33 607600 1122 964 2785 0.17 20.3 7.94 3.14 36.53 2053 15.95 147.7 52.5 1.56
199414 199414ZS - 87.d 385.9 499 2680 2.35 905 8.51 605000 3149 716 1374 0.44 3.14 7.45 184.3 12.87 3239 0.107 3346 32.64 0.904
199414 199414ZS - 88.d 744 2171 4650 1.93 75 6.01 599700 454.3 146.2 4762 0.165 2.74 9.03 37.95 31.09 2783 0.59 63.1 22.02 2.7
199414 199414ZS - 89.d 445.2 329.3 2130 1.99 436 35.9 604900 1669 427.3 2798 0.45 7.66 10.2 165 529.6 6485 50.3 40.1 26.16 20.89
199414 199414ZS - 90.d 295.5 8.2 275 1.91 75 64.7 604500 3316 2467 2889 0.08 1.89 5.84 0.169 60.03 1227 5.94 441 16.46 3.57
199414 199414Z - 1.d 340.7 900 2000 1.83 70 91.9 602300 1989 1073 911 0.115 2.48 4.88 0.167 428.9 2154 6.04 456.2 0.05 30.58
199414 199414Z - 2.d 570 2016 25000 3.69 2172 56.6 606100 767 253 46930 4.63 34.1 55.4 60.44 558 5616 52.2 510.6 114.3 22.96
199414 199414Z - 3.d 295.4 91 355 1.95 65 23.54 601100 555.1 505.3 3381 0.145 2.62 4.92 0.138 119.9 2100 7.26 110.1 1.77 5.96
199414 199414Z - 4.d 438 283 920 2.93 85 16.02 604900 225.9 31.8 5770 0.55 2.96 7.83 25.6 39.8 2014 26.92 83.9 12.09 1.86
199414 199414Z - 5.d 536 2006 4950 3.55 423 17.08 603300 294.4 115.2 10390 0.24 15.63 7.9 14.57 74.8 5690 22.1 282.6 30.6 3.96
199414 199414Z - 6.d 304.7 31.9 295 3.43 65 2.54 603300 287.4 192.4 6710 0.27 2.36 16.8 2.49 88.25 2324 5.46 174 135.6 7.33474 J.K. P ORTERAppendix D  Table 1 Page 86 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file
199414 199414ZS - 56.d
199414 199414ZS - 57.d
199414 199414ZS - 58.d
199414 199414ZS - 59.d
199414 199414ZS - 60.d
199414 199414ZS - 61.d
199414 199414ZS - 62.d
199414 199414ZS - 63.d
199414 199414ZS - 64.d
199414 199414ZS - 65.d
199414 199414ZS - 66.d
199414 199414ZS - 67.d
199414 199414ZS - 68.d
199414 199414ZS - 69.d
199414 199414ZS - 70.d
199414 199414ZS - 71.d
199414 199414ZS - 72.d
199414 199414ZS - 73.d
199414 199414ZS - 74.d
199414 199414ZS - 75.d
199414 199414ZS - 76.d
199414 199414ZS - 77.d
199414 199414ZS - 78.d
199414 199414ZS - 79.d
199414 199414ZS - 80.d
199414 199414ZS - 81.d
199414 199414ZS - 82.d
199414 199414ZS - 83.d
199414 199414ZS - 84.d
199414 199414ZS - 85.d
199414 199414ZS - 86.d
199414 199414ZS - 87.d
199414 199414ZS - 88.d
199414 199414ZS - 89.d
199414 199414ZS - 90.d
199414 199414Z - 1.d
199414 199414Z - 2.d
199414 199414Z - 3.d
199414 199414Z - 4.d
199414 199414Z - 5.d
199414 199414Z - 6.dTa W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Th U Group C Rocktype Rock Unit
6.38 111.1 1.95 35.78 2.77 0.606 2.59 77.91 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
133.2 529 117.4 163.8 124.7 140.2 157.1 53.2 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
88.8 241 7.2 28.1 8.6 9.1 32.1 21.1 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
83 193.9 22 252.8 36.9 42.6 205.1 342.7 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
97.32 590.6 49.6 160.6 59.3 110.5 490 149.2 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
63.9 88.8 1.95 4.36 1.26 1.61 6.61 4.81 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
170.9 309.7 10.8 42.1 14.69 21.24 80.2 43.36 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
55.88 104.2 12 16.66 10.3 13.98 43.08 10.4 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
85.78 64.4 33.4 163.6 40.2 51.2 277.3 278.7 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
10.23 167.2 91.6 97.8 88.6 96.3 85 4.93 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
126.2 150.1 4.05 38.9 4.87 12.43 86.2 52.2 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
121.36 305.6 57.9 124.7 66.7 78.7 136.9 100.1 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
385.2 1397 59.7 206.4 69.4 91.5 619 277 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
271 1333 265 413 288 303 411 178.5 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
606.8 151.9 18.7 69.6 21.66 21.79 62.44 97.1 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
711 431.3 294 307.4 298.9 305.2 186.3 14.09 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
153 351.7 26.1 32.9 24.4 25.1 15.78 7.72 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
33.16 908 59.1 64.4 57.1 63.1 60.7 1.314 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
138.7 134.5 3.15 12.02 4.84 6.89 30.4 12.66 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
86.26 186.8 8.5 25.23 6.73 35.4 262.9 26.87 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
215.5 156.6 1.8 23.8 5.04 13.6 96 29.4 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
46.49 123.8 8.5 15.27 8.79 16.45 75.7 9.99 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
218.5 218.3 15.1 19 16.6 23 61.6 4.1 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
334.1 1016 145.1 193.9 153.3 185.2 374.5 63.95 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
226.1 169.1 13.8 200.7 28.7 22.4 77.2 335.7 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
116.6 1024 169.9 206.6 173 265.6 774 37.2 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
249.2 514 94.8 354 116.1 118 252.5 431 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
140.6 73.7 9.4 19.1 8.18 10.41 23.13 14.83 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
55.79 66.4 12.3 25.41 11.43 23.44 122 21.59 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
242.4 832 10.5 98.4 16.48 24.19 137.5 132.4 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
146.4 166.6 10.6 50.7 14.5 14.81 53.3 66.18 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
155.2 526.9 4.9 33.49 5.91 8.65 56 59.64 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
63.41 157.4 41.2 57.6 42.3 53.4 118 32.18 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
229 2508 25.2 35.03 25.52 35.54 86.8 12.31 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
41.8 219.3 1.7 17.47 1.4 0.187 0.485 36.02 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
93.83 1523 2.3 6.97 0.552 0.11 0.354 14.69 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
248.7 2464 372 528 399 417 320.4 123.8 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
107.3 94.3 2 15.2 1.34 0.519 1.51 31.69 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
98.71 235 2.45 10.31 4.84 6.65 15.9 11.26 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
301.8 1272 140 181.8 145.2 156 93.3 41.5 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
48.16 630.3 4.6 28.51 7.22 6.58 12.16 41.06 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick RangeAppendix D J.K. P ORTER 475Appendix D  Table 1 Page 87 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file Mg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf
199414 199414Z - 7.d 2049 20300 31000 5.6 3550 13.57 603900 109.5 538.6 10210 1.83 13.45 53.2 31.42 72.72 5315 13.2 250.8 170.5 5.95
199414 199414Z - 8.d 1002 6780 14540 3.59 483 43.93 602100 969.3 2238 1663 0.53 8.92 21.7 12.34 54.4 1825 2.71 191.9 20.3 3.47
199414 199414Z - 9.d 779 7480 35000 5.2 1140 151 605800 728 400 17130 0.88 39 27.7 430 16700 3216 29.8 345 119 340
199414 199414Z - 10.d 384.9 887 10780 2.63 406 85.9 607500 245.8 122 6700 0.9 16.29 9.3 2.05 138.1 2521 8.07 272.9 37 7.66
199414 199414Z - 11.d 553 4960 58500 1.15 610 21.55 602000 424.2 1160 6740 0.81 16.54 7.9 23.92 312.7 912.6 32.9 265.2 410 10.1
199414 199414Z - 12.d 335.2 545 1610 1.75 60 7.83 602300 692.9 512 6240 0.18 7.93 6.78 0.437 16.34 2303 60.2 477 268.3 2.11
199414 199414Z - 13.d 363 44.9 415 2.18 75 28.59 605400 863.2 369.3 2894 0.62 1.91 4.13 0.65 203.7 4769 5.86 1988 1.07 11.44
199414 199414Z - 14.d 389 2195 7010 2.55 90 17.2 601700 944.1 632.6 5393 0.32 10.82 6.53 12.1 8800 2512 34.8 405.6 54.4 192
199414 199414Z - 15.d 509 5100 32500 1.3 900 41.7 598900 447.8 918 6150 1.22 31.7 11.5 96.3 235 1858 0.83 221.4 24.1 8.6
199414 199414Z - 16.d 294.6 172 1730 1.63 70 6.69 605200 226.8 443.3 4273 0.27 2.44 4.16 1.83 1920 178.6 13.31 21.62 20.2 53
199414 199414Z - 17.d 433 1310 3570 2.27 756 115.6 603800 910.7 57.3 3126 0.47 6.87 10.4 90.6 215.5 1156 0.133 112.4 1.03 13.31
199414 199414Z - 18.d 418.5 653 1350 2.49 558 29.5 608600 1547 2176 681 0.145 9.7 12.7 58.4 653 2802 8.13 361.2 91.2 25.03
199414 199414Z - 19.d 364.5 556 2120 3.59 1005 27.09 605200 669.6 552.1 5587 0.15 12.87 29.8 177.5 53.41 8540 5.71 315.7 11.2 3.54
199414 199414Z - 20.d 515 740 1460 2.28 768 22.89 601400 2322 3246 1004 1.84 5.15 15.8 25.5 978 715 9.79 576 52.3 30.69
199414 199414Z - 21.d 302.7 436 91000 1 90 14.29 602400 1547 247 1834 1.09 4.64 6.52 0.73 101.8 1802 0.7 136.1 2.76 4.83
199414 199414Z - 22.d 688 4140 5840 2.15 679 47.5 604200 3209 2193 516 0.63 4.88 15.4 11.16 89.62 2712 13.26 429.4 2.31 8.44
199414 199414Z - 23.d 409.2 1296 13270 1.1 400 79.7 602700 607.7 77.3 9520 7.6 16.33 7.7 8.05 2286 156.6 6.17 89.7 17.72 48.2
199414 199414Z - 24.d 489.3 2390 15900 1.4 498 45 603600 524.2 241.2 8820 2.01 27.9 9.7 10.52 4303 133.1 4.26 76.4 16.83 49.48
199414 199414Z - 25.d 752 1030 2150 2.35 441 44.9 606200 2028 404.7 9080 12.3 47.3 15 7.6 5036 748 34.8 401.9 81.6 123.2
199414 199414Z - 26.d 535 235 610 2.22 875 24.68 602800 3208 7292 362 0.48 4.51 25.8 3.38 68.31 3041 1.83 783 30 8.27
199414 199414Z - 27.d 545 1670 3150 1.76 370 12.34 606700 128.9 99.8 6270 0.47 3.22 6.72 90.4 236.9 4227 495 73.3 95.2 11.8
199414 199414Z - 28.d 785 5170 10740 1.87 562 56.1 601400 1886 2180 1353 0.68 11.42 13.8 12.18 96.2 5828 41 193.8 2.46 14.64
199414 199414Z - 29.d 328.5 1233 3620 2.28 75 145.7 606500 38 14.2 7250 0.96 4.04 9.89 10.31 554 11440 9.11 380 17.13 45.53
199414 199414Z - 30.d 1190 5920 45700 3.12 932 830.4 605300 457.1 384.1 10100 3.02 44 13 3262 31310 2529 42.8 168.4 203.7 579.9
199414 199414Z - 31.d 339 680 1990 2.24 85 5.48 608400 119.5 998.8 4522 0.16 3.3 5.13 0.81 155.6 776 6.99 15.07 8.6 11.44
199414 199414Z - 32.d 1275 7030 11070 1.15 341 6.16 605800 154.4 1745 6340 1.32 3.99 7.49 30.69 16.55 2218 3.83 47 144.7 1.22
199414 199414Z - 33.d 597 6680 28000 1.4 1000 92.9 605000 956 491.5 22660 3.34 53.1 14.6 43 220 7230 27.7 831 100.1 11
199414 199414Z - 34.d 478 3680 38700 2.92 246 5.8 605400 97.6 69.9 6930 0.57 10.92 15 60.8 119.4 5600 32.5 32.6 219.5 4.54
199414 199414Z - 35.d 457 6940 16700 3.26 941 305 601900 981 503 23120 1.17 19.5 42.1 218 3700 7640 10.58 1445 29.7 105
199414 199414Z - 36.d 949 987 1270 1.94 730 246.7 605500 4069 1742 1466 0.63 2.99 15.7 16.99 122.8 8877 14.58 429 3.85 12.91
199414 199414Z - 37.d 351.7 3550 5340 1 269 17.75 607000 258.5 747 3202 0.59 10.74 10.1 63.28 64.8 1555 0.34 207.3 25.61 2.29
199414 199414Z - 38.d 572.8 1894 19080 4.36 1515 13.93 603700 271.4 89.3 18060 2.13 12.7 41.7 60.18 137.3 6453 12.6 338.4 66.9 6.9
199414 199414Z - 39.d 455 1640 5290 10.8 469 20.72 603800 1474 410 3310 0.53 4.87 7.69 14.82 23.54 1709 0.93 295.4 23.4 1.5
199414 199414Z - 40.d 396.3 566 315 2.24 245 8.4 600200 828.6 4830 784 0.14 3.33 12.08 1.231 64.6 4100 0.54 155.3 28.55 11.5
199414 199414Z - 41.d 406 3490 16500 2.67 110 99 603500 1469 241.2 3899 0.62 13.7 8.1 236 23700 1697 5.69 358.8 38 410
199414 199414Z - 42.d 379 1290 2110 1.77 80 19.82 601500 634.7 1714 3051 0.26 1.69 4.45 0.185 73.97 438.1 0.21 560.5 16.79 2.85
199414 199414Z - 43.d 579 415 1450 1.7 1840 13.21 602300 247.4 577.3 4835 1.56 1.64 4.84 7.08 189 1521 6.21 467.4 16.98 9.09
199414 199414Z - 44.d 371 83 1040 3.62 268 14.64 604300 1075 3228 1898 0.3 8.97 10.2 12.2 112 2179 1.59 280.8 20.08 2.91
199414 199414Z - 45.d 756 13180 50200 4.3 1240 42 600000 219.3 117.1 19380 2.55 45 46.5 117 1840 6914 58.9 147.7 53.4 49
199414 199414Z - 46.d 553.6 2211 15710 3.01 323 28.51 600700 519.6 101.2 7480 1.09 21.5 12 5.53 999.2 2127 28.8 204.5 28.57 61
199414 199414Z - 47.d 472 1550 3740 2.9 429 958 606700 168.6 23.8 7490 1.01 2.37 14.9 98.7 116.3 5920 78.2 1233 46.5 8.67476 J.K. P ORTERAppendix D  Table 1 Page 88 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file
199414 199414Z - 7.d
199414 199414Z - 8.d
199414 199414Z - 9.d
199414 199414Z - 10.d
199414 199414Z - 11.d
199414 199414Z - 12.d
199414 199414Z - 13.d
199414 199414Z - 14.d
199414 199414Z - 15.d
199414 199414Z - 16.d
199414 199414Z - 17.d
199414 199414Z - 18.d
199414 199414Z - 19.d
199414 199414Z - 20.d
199414 199414Z - 21.d
199414 199414Z - 22.d
199414 199414Z - 23.d
199414 199414Z - 24.d
199414 199414Z - 25.d
199414 199414Z - 26.d
199414 199414Z - 27.d
199414 199414Z - 28.d
199414 199414Z - 29.d
199414 199414Z - 30.d
199414 199414Z - 31.d
199414 199414Z - 32.d
199414 199414Z - 33.d
199414 199414Z - 34.d
199414 199414Z - 35.d
199414 199414Z - 36.d
199414 199414Z - 37.d
199414 199414Z - 38.d
199414 199414Z - 39.d
199414 199414Z - 40.d
199414 199414Z - 41.d
199414 199414Z - 42.d
199414 199414Z - 43.d
199414 199414Z - 44.d
199414 199414Z - 45.d
199414 199414Z - 46.d
199414 199414Z - 47.dTa W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Th U Group C Rocktype Rock Unit
224 705 260 558 293.3 363.6 633.7 354.5 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
61.84 198.8 58.8 95.1 59.4 79.5 244.9 52.82 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
119.3 1493 542 826 557 566 597 335.3 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
132.7 538.3 34.9 42.1 35.7 37.1 51.39 3.63 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
52.34 726 115.5 265.4 129.4 140.1 181.4 218.5 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
150.1 279 2.1 2.71 0.831 0.942 3.63 3.226 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
157 322.9 1.8 3.83 0.369 0.191 0.553 3.953 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
176.9 591.7 2.8 8.2 3.15 3.91 8.62 4.9 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
127.4 859 59.2 110.1 61.2 94.9 720.7 86.3 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
8.07 9.9 2.1 3.83 0.71 0.61 0.9 6.25 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
47.65 212 7.4 14.02 8.12 9.72 2.36 4.87 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
128.3 314.2 40.6 83.3 46.5 50.9 83.7 55.15 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
489 369.9 15 158.9 26.99 53.5 322.2 205.9 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
31.86 178 9.5 38.5 10.72 42.9 316.9 43.5 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
104.4 345 2.5 2.72 1.61 2.02 7.02 2.14 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
82.77 353.8 19.5 86.1 23.76 31.3 104.9 90.19 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
10.04 209.4 20.9 20.47 18.37 19.91 39.37 1.118 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
7.67 598.8 33.5 34.7 30.9 32.6 25.16 1.91 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
33.21 1118 88 98.2 89.6 95.1 41.37 1.486 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
98.16 517 4 13.95 3.8 7.35 38.46 16.07 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
230.3 159.3 2.05 19.86 4.16 10.65 69.1 24.21 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
217.1 204.9 20.6 40.2 22.4 30.2 84.5 26.89 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
238.5 258.7 90 103.7 93.6 92.2 9.27 17.48 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
96.4 1723 143.4 443.9 165.9 211.7 3286 457.4 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
35.12 31.6 2.4 3.47 1.66 1.68 0.6 3.11 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
97.2 1740 48.2 68.1 52.7 58.4 68.2 25.89 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
534.2 1834 234 317 241 258.9 291.4 60.2 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
288.8 224.3 77.2 274.2 93.3 89.1 106.6 398.9 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
275.2 448 227 321 235 269 169 62.5 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
458.9 743.1 38.8 415 62.4 67.7 272 563 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
108.4 539.9 32.8 82.7 31.4 45.6 276.6 79.37 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
282.5 292.3 239 385.9 250.7 293.6 314.1 221.8 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
159 163.5 9.3 18 9.97 20 89.4 11.28 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
237.2 119.4 4.8 11.55 4.19 4.85 11.93 12.73 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
161.4 204 6.1 49.1 7.8 9.9 129 85.5 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
47.61 5.21 1.9 4.96 0.65 0.411 1.89 10.7 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
11.78 277 1.6 40.8 6.85 3.27 1.09 40.4 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
111.14 173.4 56.4 80.2 58.4 61.6 54.3 32.69 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
187 765 137 233 139.1 146 253 175.9 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
60.78 529.7 56.1 64.9 59.6 62.6 21.13 0.783 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
421 1193 9.2 19 8.21 8.61 16.7 20.68 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick RangeAppendix D J.K. P ORTER 477Appendix D  Table 1 Page 89 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file Mg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf
199414 199414Z - 48.d 289.5 61.3 930 1.51 85 32.31 604000 865.2 2114 3238 0.115 2.46 4.39 0.244 82.2 2590 4.64 346.3 91.7 10.55
199414 199414Z - 49.d 1317 6450 12640 2.84 1005 15.39 603500 217.9 175.8 5300 2.38 48.7 51.2 41.57 509.9 1750 19.14 65 184 18.67
199414 199414Z - 50.d 399 1680 2420 2.18 70 14.88 607400 1877 2751 559 0.64 3.75 7.24 0.85 54.8 3576 13.27 214.8 59 8.38
199418 199418ZS - 1.d 209.5 39.2 550 2.15 85 10.16 604500 989 1101 3922 0.08 1.97 12.8 0.248 14.2 1251 0.035 283.8 389 0.881
199418 199418ZS - 2.d 221.4 116 1720 2.62 60 0.41 605300 68.92 2102 544 0.085 2.25 7.21 0.095 102.3 175.3 1.08 3.51 5.2 2.03
199418 199418ZS - 3.d 208.3 8.96 1060 2.43 65 73.6 605100 622 10850 1998 0.41 2 5.65 0.093 92.18 1388 2.3 1151 290 5.43
199418 199418ZS - 4.d 207.5 80.4 650 1.74 70 26.91 604300 3221 3486 2978 0.12 1.9 5.31 0.116 164.9 998.2 2.92 661 3.73 18.55
199418 199418ZS - 5.d 670 860 1510 2.99 225 17.41 607500 1290 652.2 6540 2.64 2.3 5.65 5.03 88.6 2001 8.12 594 39.1 5.12
199418 199418ZS - 6.d 195.3 19.5 495 2.6 75 43.58 602800 636.1 5671 2409 0.177 1.86 5.07 0.282 79.66 655.8 3.47 364.2 18.66 3.76
199418 199418ZS - 7.d 190 32.5 870 2.2 65 83.3 603100 1555 2432 3501 0.32 1.86 5.29 0.089 70.5 1448 1.48 717 348.8 4.1
199418 199418ZS - 8.d 212.4 93.7 1450 2.2 328 31.7 604800 149.3 109.9 10500 0.53 2.22 7.26 103.6 217 3310 96.2 57.3 101 10.17
199418 199418ZS - 9.d 317 570 1790 2.41 196 43.61 607900 145.2 117.5 4708 0.26 3.08 9.04 14.5 155.2 1483 3.56 30.1 150.6 7.2
199418 199418ZS - 10.d 199.4 110.2 550 2.69 75 23.19 603200 970 2833 1257 0.195 2.03 4.89 0.46 51.75 156.7 0.53 415.5 42.2 1.4
199418 199418ZS - 11.d 207.9 69.3 750 3.22 90 45.03 605600 6966 438.1 5867 0.095 1.75 4.52 0.155 85.2 15960 12.9 126.1 531 4.54
199418 199418ZS - 12.d 207.8 43.9 850 3.24 100 35.3 605600 843.9 2618 4250 0.204 1.68 4.86 0.221 49.81 1423 5.2 571 879 2.71
199418 199418ZS - 13.d 206.9 56.1 420 2.11 75 9.1 601900 159.7 62 6240 0.199 1.8 9.64 0.734 0.506 858.4 0.0185 246.1 157.9 0.0028
199418 199418ZS - 14.d 208.5 32.1 500 2.07 65 39.33 605000 1993 3519 4580 0.224 1.79 5.03 0.143 70.59 1819 5.7 389.9 45.2 4.27
199418 199418ZS - 15.d 217.1 44.8 700 1.15 85 27.37 602700 4651 7950 2120 0.35 1.94 5.61 0.427 49.2 169.9 1.56 659.4 54 3.14
199418 199418ZS - 16.d 209.8 21.6 720 2.93 55 128.7 607100 10465 5217 526 0.171 1.98 5.43 0.174 58.1 581 2.73 326.5 12.4 2.17
199418 199418ZS - 17.d 217.8 138 465 2.42 65 1.74 606000 510.1 275 3319 0.06 2.32 4.65 0.442 183.4 241.9 2.19 3.16 96.1 6.89
199418 199418ZS - 18.d 220 35.4 420 2.02 65 1.65 606700 531.9 224.5 4081 0.25 1.52 5.3 0.22 90.17 103.2 2.55 12.45 30.6 4.2
199418 199418ZS - 19.d 4910 7970 12900 3.35 80 118.1 605700 1622 848.9 8870 17.6 1.85 10.79 0.15 101.3 1148 4.17 124.6 1.83 5.5
199418 199418ZS - 20.d 229.6 45.35 440 3.48 50 25.6 608500 557.3 1088.8 6890 0.1 1.75 4.6 0.107 57.23 6384 3.11 706 105.5 4.27
199418 199418ZS - 21.d 414 2860 12360 3.06 85 12.19 609100 39.5 29.4 935 0.34 2.56 6.58 8.86 212 261 0.023 2.56 1.86 6.13
199418 199418ZS - 22.d 917 3010 5530 2.33 467 3.67 609800 147.5 520.8 6480 1.2 2.77 11.7 80.5 410 2775 8.82 30.48 144.4 13.76
199418 199418ZS - 23.d 221.2 13.7 385 2.68 60 3.29 603700 952.5 254.5 4228 0.11 1.59 4.55 0.111 99.4 167.6 9.7 16.68 350 4.57
199418 199418ZS - 24.d 231.6 25.4 810 2.34 75 86.4 606700 3885 4920 501 0.125 1.78 5.43 0.241 69.97 1819 0.038 418.4 9.06 4.44
199418 199418ZS - 25.d 228.9 32.9 380 1 80 87.9 604100 1926 6826 805 0.115 1.59 4.77 0.062 83.57 559 5.31 336.1 43.5 5.18
199418 199418ZS - 26.d 229.8 126.7 500 1.72 85 98.3 602900 604.1 469.5 2963 0.075 1.76 6.25 0.203 27.49 1605 0.23 43.5 3.31 0.762
199418 199418ZS - 27.d 237.1 22.9 440 2.05 65 26.42 606800 963 166.3 3682 0.086 1.94 4.39 1.72 35.38 1550 0.49 508.5 6.02 4.36
199418 199418ZS - 28.d 235.7 12.9 1000 1.92 80 90.7 604000 6390 8346 1976 0.11 1.81 4.47 0.091 79.69 626 4.5 532 14.53 6.47
199418 199418ZS - 29.d 235.7 10.87 930 0.9 75 136.4 603900 4742 6458 1541 0.186 1.79 4.34 0.135 71.79 1484 3.91 409.7 47.2 4.04
199418 199418ZS - 30.d 239.1 51.4 890 2.09 75 0.77 606800 489.5 45.8 8110 0.131 1.53 4.45 0.092 35.47 160.7 1.56 7.51 37.94 2
199418 199418ZS - 31.d 247.6 127.9 990 3.54 270 306.8 605900 5016 614.7 1999 0.115 1.91 4.4 46.5 18.64 560 1.12 436.8 31.2 1.88
199418 199418ZS - 32.d 236.1 34.7 780 3.01 70 8.83 609800 371.3 296.2 6264 0.085 1.69 5.41 0.289 99.03 3578 19.41 142.1 2230 5.65
199418 199418ZS - 33.d 232.8 53.2 445 2.11 65 38.95 605200 1659 1860 4273 0.145 1.49 4.64 0.117 48.74 3009 5.32 433.9 288.5 2.78
199418 199418ZS - 34.d 247.8 24.13 370 2.57 55 109.8 605800 3750 4020 2478 0.145 1.49 4.11 0.217 119.3 62.12 4.01 314.2 16.34 4.03
199418 199418ZS - 35.d 272 57.6 435 1.54 610 66.9 604300 437.1 3937 4960 0.32 6.5 29 0.175 20.45 4316 0.6 648 173.2 1.36
199418 199418ZS - 36.d 255.1 36 355 1.96 70 2.38 604200 1623 85.6 3490 0.08 1.71 4.28 0.116 123.9 86.05 1.16 5.59 1.49 7.03
199418 199418ZS - 37.d 267.6 640 3050 3.47 80 82.2 607200 920 377.5 9008 0.33 1.73 8.5 0.094 74.52 12750 2.92 962 107.3 4.04
199418 199418ZS - 38.d 441 342 2330 2.32 325 4.72 603600 102 939.3 7940 1.15 2.9 17.1 77 392.8 1142 6.05 69.6 414.9 21.95478 J.K. P ORTERAppendix D  Table 1 Page 90 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file
199414 199414Z - 48.d
199414 199414Z - 49.d
199414 199414Z - 50.d
199418 199418ZS - 1.d
199418 199418ZS - 2.d
199418 199418ZS - 3.d
199418 199418ZS - 4.d
199418 199418ZS - 5.d
199418 199418ZS - 6.d
199418 199418ZS - 7.d
199418 199418ZS - 8.d
199418 199418ZS - 9.d
199418 199418ZS - 10.d
199418 199418ZS - 11.d
199418 199418ZS - 12.d
199418 199418ZS - 13.d
199418 199418ZS - 14.d
199418 199418ZS - 15.d
199418 199418ZS - 16.d
199418 199418ZS - 17.d
199418 199418ZS - 18.d
199418 199418ZS - 19.d
199418 199418ZS - 20.d
199418 199418ZS - 21.d
199418 199418ZS - 22.d
199418 199418ZS - 23.d
199418 199418ZS - 24.d
199418 199418ZS - 25.d
199418 199418ZS - 26.d
199418 199418ZS - 27.d
199418 199418ZS - 28.d
199418 199418ZS - 29.d
199418 199418ZS - 30.d
199418 199418ZS - 31.d
199418 199418ZS - 32.d
199418 199418ZS - 33.d
199418 199418ZS - 34.d
199418 199418ZS - 35.d
199418 199418ZS - 36.d
199418 199418ZS - 37.d
199418 199418ZS - 38.dTa W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Th U Group C Rocktype Rock Unit
133.4 518 2.45 13.02 1.031 0.229 0.898 26.75 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
93.67 580 20.7 157.2 28.5 35.6 233.6 226 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
188.9 212.4 2.15 10.46 2.05 2.37 13.25 15.38 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Maurice Fm, Sir Frederick Range
52.2 995 4.5 2.83 2.14 2.24 0.461 0.916 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
9.37 274 2.25 1.005 0.229 0.219 0.175 1.849 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
108.1 3160 2.05 8.28 0.538 0.021 0.0043 17.43 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
67.99 354.5 1.85 26.46 1.89 0.0155 0.132 58.53 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
119 609.9 1.6 38 3.27 1.83 14.51 90.4 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
24.73 1431 1.9 16.98 1.43 0.373 2.012 37.17 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
63.94 1088 2.25 5.44 0.358 0.0145 0.0029 11.93 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
288 641 35.5 51 37.5 40.8 56.4 22.45 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
61.9 411.5 8.7 7.44 5.61 7.01 10.17 1.86 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
4.56 472.6 2.05 14.23 1.061 0.294 2.86 32.37 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
1345 1286 2.35 24.38 1.734 0.0155 0.079 53.34 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
83.6 1076 1.9 18.33 1.321 0.297 3.083 40.58 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
125.2 734 1.7 2.76 1.81 1.88 0.189 1.649 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
124.8 355.9 2.3 21.09 1.47 0.014 0.0717 44.5 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
3.36 296.5 2.2 7.57 0.778 0.544 2.97 15.14 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
83.59 129.2 2.85 5.51 0.457 0.106 0.725 11.88 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
11.33 239 2.25 0.647 0.365 0.396 3.42 0.469 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
4.5 114.3 1.85 3.73 0.273 0.04 0.06 8.37 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
43.6 332.1 2.35 17.43 4.06 3.47 0.09 25.84 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
417 1962 2.2 11.3 0.773 0.037 0.091 23.24 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
32.1 24.91 2.85 4.35 1.91 2.4 5.72 4.92 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
105.9 1430 9.8 44.9 12.85 50.3 350.9 60.3 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
6.94 380.6 1.95 0.9 0.105 0.0225 0.196 2.214 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
161.1 960 2.1 2.68 0.27 0.151 0.489 5.655 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
20.11 531.2 2.3 12.39 0.854 0.0135 0.01 28.66 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
129.3 71.1 1.95 5.5 0.68 0.406 1.874 11.46 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
109.9 24.67 2.05 5.72 0.328 0.073 0.657 12.45 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
66.53 153.4 2.55 13.42 0.977 0.055 0.0131 27.91 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
26.96 2447 2.4 18.9 1.255 0.063 0.418 40.92 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
7.39 5.29 1.9 0.209 0.0215 0.073 0.0118 0.278 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
35.65 4.63 1.75 12.77 2.55 2.44 9.65 26.62 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
266 962 2.5 52.5 3.78 0.313 2.97 113 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
176.9 1579 1.95 4.77 0.332 0.0205 0.154 11.11 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
3.78 131.6 2.25 0.334 0.12 0.082 1.037 0.55 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
123.5 425.1 2.25 3.98 2.1 1.77 0.412 5.75 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
7.36 51.2 1.9 0.233 0.107 0.072 0.0028 0.358 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
719 390.3 2.2 8.29 0.695 0.092 0.167 17.34 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
35.83 441 80.1 121.7 90.3 112.1 211.4 54.13 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu HillsAppendix D J.K. P ORTER 479Appendix D  Table 1 Page 91 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file Mg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf
199418 199418ZS - 39.d 242.6 26.2 750 1.1 85 62.5 601900 925.6 3572 3620 0.12 1.53 4.52 0.075 95.73 3846 8.6 370.8 126.3 5.8
199418 199418ZS - 40.d 250.4 37.7 265 2.13 65 27.82 602200 861.9 1268 4211 0.125 1.87 4.04 1.043 40.58 2023 1.96 479.6 20.76 2.66
199418 199418ZS - 41.d 258.5 18.4 470 2.37 65 57.07 604200 1038 6331 2394 0.085 1.64 4.44 0.081 59.91 1369 1.43 612 22.49 4.11
199418 199418ZS - 42.d 254.6 38.6 405 2.23 80 77.4 606600 566.2 555.7 4464 0.1 1.9 4.24 0.095 29.26 1250 0.99 376.5 30.22 1.79
199418 199418ZS - 43.d 250.1 48.5 360 2.33 65 46.46 607200 1747 415.4 3336 0.105 1.49 4.13 0.107 11.93 862.4 1.17 158.1 12.96 0.428
199418 199418ZS - 44.d 242.3 15.2 375 0.85 75 39.3 603700 5108 9940 941 0.22 1.62 4.18 0.101 140.9 1025 5.87 322.2 40.6 10.46
199418 199418ZS - 45.d 233 13.07 410 1.9 85 53.26 607300 501.7 761 3843 0.11 1.65 3.58 0.12 24.15 266.3 0.6 77.3 33.39 1.54
199418 199418ZS - 46.d 228.3 21.6 450 1.35 70 53.9 601500 7115 1610 1811 0.13 1.72 3.92 0.091 138.4 550 12.69 119.1 4.45 7.46
199418 199418ZS - 47.d 219.3 60.6 440 1.78 55 63.4 601400 427.8 896 3405 0.065 1.76 4.5 0.197 34.59 1681 0.032 87.5 1.277 1.99
199418 199418ZS - 48.d 290.1 164 1050 3.9 1390 10.14 602700 167.3 54.8 4260 1.06 1.71 4.46 0.662 11.86 369.3 0.322 4.44 0.422 0.281
199418 199418ZS - 49.d 222.9 29.8 600 1.15 100 81 599300 3145 10773 1436 0.115 1.68 4.47 0.384 97.8 1231 2.77 302 24.14 5.73
199418 199418ZS - 50.d 230.1 52.1 1200 0.7 90 249.1 600000 1391 1387 4855 0.35 1.51 4.24 0.252 49.78 638 1.53 1065 11.77 1.59
199418 199418ZS - 51.d 232 50.2 470 0.9 85 72.8 606000 1007 389.4 5105 0.39 1.51 4.09 0.078 110.61 1974 1.55 3378 422 7.08
199418 199418ZS - 52.d 341.9 330 450 2.62 450 18 604100 328.8 1274 25800 0.35 3.39 21.5 7.97 44.69 3272 28.44 192.8 77.7 2.02
199418 199418ZS - 53.d 252.9 10.74 820 2.93 80 106 603600 4045 3403 2758 0.085 1.57 4.23 0.08 88.5 1039 2.41 815 79.4 5.38
199418 199418ZS - 54.d 267.3 700 1390 2.52 90 30.7 601600 1822 177.4 3708 0.15 1.58 4.62 0.535 100.39 339.5 2.92 101.3 68.4 6.82
199418 199418ZS - 55.d 250.1 90.3 910 0.95 85 1.55 605000 858 164.4 2749 0.105 1.99 7.4 0.4 40.87 176.6 0.266 7.23 3.96 3.59
199418 199418ZS - 56.d 242.5 146 730 1.99 65 18.02 605300 554.6 769.1 4527 0.16 1.56 5.14 5.72 362 2100 25.16 223.7 701 12.6
199418 199418ZS - 57.d 245.9 44.7 700 2.08 70 89.8 605300 5095 7093 725 0.33 1.55 4.2 0.676 109.83 516.8 6.53 660 7.52 10.55
199418 199418ZS - 58.d 245.9 32.3 480 2.29 95 3.64 604700 381.3 1036.5 4713 0.52 2.66 5.62 0.97 2660 1594 63.6 60.1 4.1 92.5
199418 199418ZS - 59.d 247.6 17.8 375 1.73 70 7.03 606900 271.5 247.7 7190 0.11 1.49 4.33 0.076 84.6 4904 19.28 113.8 1110 5.09
199418 199418ZS - 60.d 244.7 42.1 330 1.87 55 60.01 606300 6346 257.5 1885 0.156 1.45 4.24 0.614 78.91 111.4 2.03 174.9 19.03 3.82
199418 199418ZS - 61.d 288.7 306 1020 1.05 75 54.3 604300 99.8 86.8 5063 0.19 1.71 6.42 7.78 497 1575 6.29 26.35 156 19.93
199418 199418ZS - 62.d 251.1 10 420 1 70 62.62 606400 799 6088 2146 0.06 1.58 4.76 0.117 69.69 684 3.93 147.1 93.7 3.4
199418 199418ZS - 63.d 260 29.1 1120 1.89 85 6.5 605500 186.4 229.6 5420 0.2 1.92 8.82 10.76 342 1069 1.09 43.5 54.1 12.3
199418 199418ZS - 64.d 253 19 335 2.37 520 29.06 602100 698.4 313 3320 0.125 3.25 28.1 3.14 1.621 337.1 1.76 194 142.9 0.0215
199418 199418ZS - 65.d 250.7 50.5 305 2.55 65 17.55 604300 594.4 1384 5616 0.085 1.45 4.52 10.72 43.99 5145 1.29 518.5 14.12 3.41
199418 199418ZS - 66.d 262 41.2 445 2.51 75 4.48 606700 142.2 271.6 6121 0.09 1.81 5.42 0.756 186.7 2337 22.76 74.6 1164 9.69
199418 199418ZS - 67.d 532 2430 37900 1.2 429 11.27 599500 224.1 395.7 16730 2.26 8.57 30.2 32.1 260 2937 7.16 57.2 516 10.23
199418 199418ZS - 68.d 280.7 160 5400 0.95 75 4.6 601300 349.9 137.1 22960 1.6 4.97 49.2 5.62 250.6 2614 23.29 84.9 174.2 14.34
199418 199418ZS - 69.d 245.2 52.3 1340 1.94 75 49.4 603600 3090 1599 5475 0.19 1.57 4.92 0.5 69.57 2656 4.61 321.5 15.38 4.66
199418 199418ZS - 70.d 249.8 48.6 560 2.05 55 5.2 604400 289.3 248.4 7310 0.1 1.48 4.08 0.067 95.2 3874 11.09 153.9 2847 5.39
199418 199418ZS - 71.d 1600 1180 4750 2.46 1020 8.39 605700 1776 386 2740 0.48 1.99 5.99 2.04 125.1 564 1.22 171.6 5.13 9.17
199418 199418ZS - 72.d 249.6 10.14 405 2.04 70 96.9 600000 911.4 312.8 6677 0.43 1.69 4.23 0.097 134.8 4653 2.91 2799 286.6 8.42
199418 199418ZS - 73.d 242.1 18 5000 4.22 90 101.9 598700 2752 4919 2930 0.22 1.55 4.23 0.211 84.2 1079 1.93 1481 114.9 5.06
199418 199418ZS - 74.d 582 2130 4820 3.2 85 14.12 604300 355.2 1110 5140 0.65 4.9 11.3 4.33 263.4 2676 12.84 63.2 127 9.21
199418 199418ZS - 75.d 243.5 35.2 500 2.75 85 68.69 602100 699.3 181.2 5700 0.085 1.62 9.71 4.28 55.43 1602 0.127 55.4 6.39 3.91
199418 199418ZS - 76.d 236.5 44.9 380 2.31 85 54.57 606100 2046 3474 270.7 0.08 1.58 3.89 0.202 5779 1947 1.37 1.69 0.085 215.4
199418 199418Z - 1.d 721 1425 3050 1.1 265 7.52 605000 136.1 235 5103 2.88 6.54 48.5 45.36 157.7 3066 24.32 43.2 470 7.32
199418 199418Z - 2.d 227.1 33.4 425 2.49 75 39.75 605100 1097 663.4 3525 0.12 1.42 4.9 0.108 76.2 1000 4.45 223.8 8.76 3.34
199418 199418Z - 3.d 218.5 168 830 2.36 90 55.85 605800 2710 4012 5180 0.32 2.96 6.11 0.314 96.5 8378 8.46 414.1 30.9 4.84480 J.K. P ORTERAppendix D  Table 1 Page 92 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file
199418 199418ZS - 39.d
199418 199418ZS - 40.d
199418 199418ZS - 41.d
199418 199418ZS - 42.d
199418 199418ZS - 43.d
199418 199418ZS - 44.d
199418 199418ZS - 45.d
199418 199418ZS - 46.d
199418 199418ZS - 47.d
199418 199418ZS - 48.d
199418 199418ZS - 49.d
199418 199418ZS - 50.d
199418 199418ZS - 51.d
199418 199418ZS - 52.d
199418 199418ZS - 53.d
199418 199418ZS - 54.d
199418 199418ZS - 55.d
199418 199418ZS - 56.d
199418 199418ZS - 57.d
199418 199418ZS - 58.d
199418 199418ZS - 59.d
199418 199418ZS - 60.d
199418 199418ZS - 61.d
199418 199418ZS - 62.d
199418 199418ZS - 63.d
199418 199418ZS - 64.d
199418 199418ZS - 65.d
199418 199418ZS - 66.d
199418 199418ZS - 67.d
199418 199418ZS - 68.d
199418 199418ZS - 69.d
199418 199418ZS - 70.d
199418 199418ZS - 71.d
199418 199418ZS - 72.d
199418 199418ZS - 73.d
199418 199418ZS - 74.d
199418 199418ZS - 75.d
199418 199418ZS - 76.d
199418 199418Z - 1.d
199418 199418Z - 2.d
199418 199418Z - 3.dTa W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Th U Group C Rocktype Rock Unit
389 313.6 2.25 31.45 2.09 0.0205 0.177 72.13 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
173.3 476.2 1.9 10.72 0.873 0.398 3.52 22.72 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
57.5 1703 2.4 10.41 0.669 0.0265 0.00295 22.49 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
84.9 8.85 2.25 5.09 0.393 0.057 0.128 11.11 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
58.17 352.2 2.6 7.37 0.475 0.053 0.194 17.12 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
176.9 651 2.45 67.4 4.69 0.047 0.0108 153.5 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
6.18 0.114 2.75 0.725 0.126 0.129 0.409 1.291 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
12.46 86.3 2.35 33.77 2.31 0.114 0.12 73.31 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
109.7 113.7 1.5 0.581 0.089 0.124 0.604 1.38 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
76.9 5.37 2.25 4.81 3.38 3.54 4.1 2.82 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
75.71 1779 1.9 15.39 1.19 0.289 2.51 33.45 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
36.22 4550 2.05 6.3 0.426 0.104 0.657 14.32 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
113.1 914 2.65 3.73 0.297 0.0275 0.00195 8.26 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
247.1 712.7 16.4 145.4 24.22 30.22 140.5 225.5 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
27.09 1340 2.3 47.6 3.23 0.052 0.041 113.7 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
42.43 43.2 1.9 1.91 0.351 0.347 1.96 3.637 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
8.7 2 2.45 0.77 0.58 0.63 3.06 0.235 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
123.7 761 2.55 38.3 2.95 0.428 0.715 78.6 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
64.08 476.2 2.85 24.2 1.8 0.389 3.14 49.63 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
87.97 231.1 3.7 42 4.08 0.98 0.64 51.31 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
379 727 2.3 40.9 2.7 0.061 0.0025 82.3 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
4.46 92 2.1 15.44 1.059 0.081 0.247 34.74 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
60.7 673 16.9 24.4 16.01 17.08 23.2 13.64 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
10.54 362.9 2.3 9.2 0.657 0.028 0.294 20.52 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
44.38 532 15.7 20.02 15.9 18.26 17.52 5.99 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
16.74 367 2.05 13.05 2.17 1.69 1.086 23.94 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
316.9 1168 2.05 11.19 0.815 0.114 0.192 24.3 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
105.8 355.5 1.55 17.12 2.53 1.332 1.166 34.39 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
110.9 268.6 41.4 61.1 42.1 43.8 61.9 37.75 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
113.9 87.2 49.5 84.9 53 51.9 13.36 64.27 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
179 155.8 2.5 7.48 0.816 0.467 3.78 15.89 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
254.8 837 3.1 49.15 3.42 0.033 0.078 111 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
23.36 448 2.2 5.33 0.465 0.11 0.174 11.2 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
428 669.2 2.05 5.42 0.512 0.118 0.00345 11.66 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
88.1 422 2.75 11.87 0.988 0.289 1.755 25.62 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
196.6 238.3 16.6 29.3 15.83 17.27 19.48 25.8 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
101.5 120.3 2.3 6.08 2.23 2.09 1.9 8.01 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
109.3 155.3 1.95 9.94 0.797 0.0165 0.0122 17.1 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
132.1 1133 70.6 247.6 86.3 93.7 178.6 335.6 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
55.2 244 1.95 18.85 1.38 0.0245 0.09 43.23 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
278.7 914 2.5 16.66 1.45 0.438 3.15 36.99 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu HillsAppendix D J.K. P ORTER 481Appendix D  Table 1 Page 93 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file Mg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf
199418 199418Z - 4.d 341 161 780 1.74 65 6.06 601700 138.4 428.6 6780 0.87 2.77 7.95 6.74 362 2798 25.78 93.7 862 15.92
199418 199418Z - 5.d 232.3 90.6 450 2.2 95 0.74 602200 611.1 25.9 3810 0.36 1.74 4.04 0.325 141.12 48.29 8.84 6.9 41.6 3.46
199418 199418Z - 6.d 208.9 22.5 400 2.27 75 29.03 600500 1370 5581 2806 0.065 1.64 4.42 0.929 59.25 2637 5.41 688 217.7 4.33
199418 199418Z - 7.d 208.2 88.5 1430 2.43 80 157.7 601700 1974 4677 2653 0.41 1.58 3.99 0.684 111.7 650 4.12 1298 159.3 4.21
199418 199418Z - 8.d 206.9 118.8 800 0.8 70 40.15 595900 442.2 1927 2206 0.085 1.33 3.92 0.092 73.89 2050 0.87 297.1 15.69 5.2
199418 199418Z - 9.d 226.9 106 1420 0.95 75 4.28 600100 161.7 187.8 8170 0.135 1.86 5.85 4.01 151.7 7586 21.57 70.1 666 9.03
199418 199418Z - 10.d 1134 12280 19300 2.59 60 9.97 603300 637.6 144.3 7270 0.58 2.28 4.3 0.543 109.6 4811 20.1 167.4 400 6.24
199418 199418Z - 11.d 224.9 9.64 700 0.95 70 112.1 605300 1173 6346 2022 0.167 1.36 3.9 0.1 71.25 962 4.7 373.9 43.6 3.12
199418 199418Z - 12.d 229.2 96.9 650 1.38 60 1.53 601000 568.7 384 4016 0.11 1.46 4.65 0.092 84.52 199.4 1.38 12.25 22.82 4.3
199418 199418Z - 13.d 566 832 3000 2.86 837 20.61 595100 2005 2399 2031 2.28 3.5 15.8 13.33 1339 1199 4.24 219.6 29.7 29.29
199418 199418Z - 14.d 242.9 64.1 520 2.75 75 1.76 599400 457.1 9.1 4403 0.09 1.52 4.86 0.091 95.5 739 0.85 7.71 21.84 7.51
199418 199418Z - 15.d 237.7 10.54 640 2.21 75 70.4 600700 10593 7424 1185 0.21 1.58 4.09 0.904 113.86 1246.3 3.55 381.7 22.74 6.66
199418 199418Z - 16.d 242.5 26.3 950 2.15 60 0.43 602600 409.2 193.9 4551 0.095 1.35 4.25 0.176 94.08 86 4.27 29.67 83.8 7.26
199418 199418Z - 17.d 257.8 16.67 275 1.89 412 27.39 598800 635.9 55.1 3530 0.115 2.57 30.6 1.04 630 441 0.62 204.7 0.712 20.6
199418 199418Z - 18.d 243.9 19.1 1040 0.95 70 80.2 602000 2891 1986 3262 0.14 1.52 3.88 0.152 70.38 2346 3.36 329 21.14 4.24
199418 199418Z - 19.d 251.2 38.2 930 1.05 70 66.6 604500 1902 7970 21800 1.66 1.46 4.04 0.191 102.15 835.1 7.62 617.3 317.6 4.5
199418 199418Z - 20.d 318 624 21500 2.92 4100 8.03 601900 959.8 775.7 2040 0.135 4.44 4.54 1.97 286 761 0.6 180.4 0.62 9.5
199418 199418Z - 21.d 254.5 27.2 375 1.85 125 94.4 602500 2421 471 1543 0.37 1.59 3.91 4.1 750 291.3 1.42 413.8 0.424 19.8
199418 199418Z - 22.d 278.3 102 610 4.09 75 5.08 600200 255.2 324.8 7610 0.075 1.51 4.3 11.1 286 4222 20.32 144.4 570 14.7
199418 199418Z - 23.d 257.7 10.58 450 2.84 70 108.1 603800 3624 8727 587 0.223 1.41 3.63 0.114 114.34 1766 2.17 400.2 3.46 5.77
199418 199418Z - 24.d 264.5 34.1 330 2.15 65 95.6 601700 2477 243 2454 0.26 2.29 6.55 5.26 76.96 138.6 5.83 133.3 1.2 5.01
199418 199418Z - 25.d 258.6 27.9 940 0.95 60 5.18 602500 181.3 171.3 5837 0.153 1.5 4.14 0.276 66.9 1833 5.66 443 256.7 4.45
199418 199418Z - 26.d 263.6 56.7 1140 1.75 110 41.74 605900 1564 3280 4956 0.095 1.86 6.66 0.698 52.78 11440 0.83 232.1 8.56 2.9
199418 199418Z - 27.d 267.6 34.1 670 2.08 60 24.06 598600 774.8 1230 4595 0.29 2.05 5.35 0.341 82.37 2179 5.31 540.7 24.43 5.37
199418 199418Z - 28.d 493 3170 12600 1.05 314 116.5 603600 4480 1928 3059 0.4 7.77 4.16 1.46 133 3610 2.29 296.6 11 6.22
199418 199418Z - 29.d 259.8 57.5 1250 2.47 65 0.57 605000 1021.5 17.5 2417 0.61 2.5 6.48 0.072 51.7 195.1 0.224 8.59 3.78 4.89
199418 199418Z - 30.d 264.5 21.5 1000 2.94 60 64.8 600300 1070 575.9 6243 0.59 1.39 4.02 0.086 115 1426 1.56 4500 391 7.2
199418 199418Z - 31.d 316 760 2550 2.18 85 4.33 605000 179.1 193.7 8240 0.085 1.52 4.01 0.119 90 6329 35.8 92.1 1203 5.46
199418 199418Z - 32.d 412 2010 9300 2.64 180 6.23 605900 267.3 418.2 10300 1.18 8.6 7.93 0.293 103.8 5020 22.29 128.8 795 5.76
199418 199418Z - 33.d 262.6 11.49 970 2.55 65 56.2 599600 1620 5299 4298 0.29 1.56 4.64 0.216 29.07 4826 0.136 148.5 7.38 1.68
199418 199418Z - 34.d 265.5 14.83 390 3.35 65 29.14 601200 1295 252.4 4710 0.09 1.48 4.01 0.56 89.41 334.6 6.73 238.3 2.8 4.54
199418 199418Z - 35.d 305.3 219 2110 2.66 407 4.78 604800 142.6 1525 25990 0.3 2.38 45.5 40.84 77.6 2423 26.32 75.5 66.6 3.47
199418 199418Z - 36.d 273.4 85.1 850 1.66 75 6.4 600600 301.7 541.4 6650 0.11 1.93 4.14 0.209 105.7 2776 11.57 172.2 1576 7.04
199418 199418Z - 37.d 272.8 65.7 360 0.85 49 12.1 597000 395.1 879.2 6380 0.15 1.7 5.65 0.119 99.83 5599 11.31 231.4 409.3 5.65
199418 199418Z - 38.d 317 455 2490 2.53 766 39.18 602300 1113 836.7 2429 0.56 7.52 29.7 54.67 32.28 1897 0.173 467.9 35.7 1.13
199418 199418Z - 39.d 344.3 591 1900 2.66 194 9.67 603300 2046 4207 885 0.39 2.41 4.12 1.493 23.07 1806 243.9 425 108.3 1.7
199418 199418Z - 40.d 264.3 23.8 880 0.95 70 4.52 600500 204.4 232.9 7252 0.085 1.94 5 1.63 178.2 4734 19.57 93.1 626 8.98
199418 199418Z - 41.d 265.8 86.6 1160 1 70 45.61 605400 2221 6982 1847 0.217 1.83 4.38 23 85.1 1843 7.7 723 17.7 4.56
199418 199418Z - 42.d 308 790 1760 2.1 160 71.4 603900 1276 234.9 1897 0.305 1.38 3.46 3.36 2080 332.1 0.27 309.4 9.01 52.6
199418 199418Z - 43.d 291 640 3660 0.95 60 88 600600 812.8 466.6 4670 0.31 1.51 5.33 82 5050 1733 3.07 163 1.31 130
199418 199418Z - 44.d 2470 1100 3190 2.12 1130 8.9 601900 2261 1807 3600 5.6 22.3 117 0.14 55.41 662 0.74 717 3.77 3.24482 J.K. P ORTERAppendix D  Table 1 Page 94 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file
199418 199418Z - 4.d
199418 199418Z - 5.d
199418 199418Z - 6.d
199418 199418Z - 7.d
199418 199418Z - 8.d
199418 199418Z - 9.d
199418 199418Z - 10.d
199418 199418Z - 11.d
199418 199418Z - 12.d
199418 199418Z - 13.d
199418 199418Z - 14.d
199418 199418Z - 15.d
199418 199418Z - 16.d
199418 199418Z - 17.d
199418 199418Z - 18.d
199418 199418Z - 19.d
199418 199418Z - 20.d
199418 199418Z - 21.d
199418 199418Z - 22.d
199418 199418Z - 23.d
199418 199418Z - 24.d
199418 199418Z - 25.d
199418 199418Z - 26.d
199418 199418Z - 27.d
199418 199418Z - 28.d
199418 199418Z - 29.d
199418 199418Z - 30.d
199418 199418Z - 31.d
199418 199418Z - 32.d
199418 199418Z - 33.d
199418 199418Z - 34.d
199418 199418Z - 35.d
199418 199418Z - 36.d
199418 199418Z - 37.d
199418 199418Z - 38.d
199418 199418Z - 39.d
199418 199418Z - 40.d
199418 199418Z - 41.d
199418 199418Z - 42.d
199418 199418Z - 43.d
199418 199418Z - 44.dTa W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Th U Group C Rocktype Rock Unit
129.6 930 9.8 33.27 12 11.08 5.89 47.03 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
3.099 41.55 2.75 0.726 0.404 0.42 1.08 0.673 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
115.9 1912 1.95 23.97 1.68 0.356 1.82 53.12 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
32.6 5350 1.95 32.2 2.92 1.59 7.07 73.5 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
158.1 723 2.2 10.93 0.808 0.035 0.0691 24.78 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
298.8 781 10.1 29.2 11.11 10.37 4.51 40.64 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
271.8 532.6 2.2 6.51 1.12 0.94 3.44 12.71 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
57.09 1590 2.1 24.75 1.647 0.053 0.086 54.94 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
6 67.6 1.9 0.026 0.037 0.0185 0.0022 0.058 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
78.56 176.7 10.9 54.6 14.26 90.1 789 69 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
25.5 120.4 1.95 0.536 0.095 0.044 0.0487 0.968 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
59.26 589.5 2.15 5.13 0.435 0.24 1.638 11.39 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
4.499 393.1 1.9 2.51 0.315 0.251 1.12 5.1 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
18.98 15.34 2.25 4.77 2.33 2.15 0.113 5.9 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
145.2 185.7 2.15 11.02 0.91 0.247 1.24 23.3 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
82.9 1740 1.85 19.6 1.41 0.053 0.296 44.69 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
24.05 261.1 2.85 3.09 2.34 2.74 5.53 0.974 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
17.08 183.6 2.35 0.528 0.08 0.0485 0.0078 1.19 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
77.4 2550 12.8 35.52 13.58 12.69 7.19 47.34 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
47.1 721 1.95 14.25 1.041 0.056 0.102 31.96 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
7.91 35.15 2.4 18.24 2.5 1.381 0.328 33.8 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
107.15 449.9 2.1 4.77 0.335 0.057 0.078 10.49 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
1093 448 2.3 9.64 0.916 0.707 4.64 21.25 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
185.3 244.6 1.9 13.5 0.989 0.132 0.594 29.3 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
114.1 593 1.9 22.1 3.28 3.1 11 38.72 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
9.74 537 1.9 0.0355 0.027 0.027 0.005 0.0483 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
101.6 1312 1.5 6.68 0.502 0.077 0.00455 15.62 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
522 841 2.2 17.09 1.41 0.424 0.588 34.31 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
500 958 2.85 64.5 7.11 3.41 1.79 134.9 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
146.3 383.5 2.25 6.57 0.618 0.215 0.508 13.92 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
17.82 223.9 1.85 5.36 0.444 0.062 0.0425 12.46 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
133.8 369.2 197 422.6 214.2 265.4 616 322.9 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
132.1 873 2.6 34.65 2.73 0.499 0.922 77.23 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
162 700 1.8 29.97 2.34 0.9 3.35 63.69 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
158.5 1191 34.7 86.1 35.6 55.9 243.9 84.8 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
94.7 302.9 7.7 28.89 9.73 10.28 21.77 34.29 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
234.4 527 2.15 30.54 4.66 3.01 2.362 57.7 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
110.3 404.1 1.85 13.05 1.178 0.58 4.48 28.05 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
10.73 408 4.4 4.15 0.307 0.07 0.007 10.9 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
86.3 204.4 2.3 14.4 1.56 0.99 27 36.7 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
17.55 227.5 2.25 6.26 1.65 1.36 0.3 10.04 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu HillsAppendix D J.K. P ORTER 483Appendix D  Table 1 Page 95 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file Mg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf
199418 199418Z - 45.d 613 2300 5390 3.55 300 4.73 604100 224.6 561.8 8290 1.94 2.36 81.3 36.27 81 1105 9.88 64 202.5 3.47
199418 199418Z - 46.d 276.9 24.2 450 4.19 85 75.87 600000 2837 8845 1588 0.19 1.61 6.1 0.882 128.35 2492 8.44 247.1 11.37 6.9
199418 199418Z - 47.d 267.1 14.6 355 4.56 95 80.9 603400 2801 8751 1499 0.095 1.5 4 0.31 132.3 2241 8.02 231.3 12.1 6.97
199418 199418Z - 48.d 259.8 17.1 1060 1.05 65 62.2 602600 1890 1934 2915 0.085 1.4 4.22 0.076 76.61 286 2.79 210.4 10.47 4.37
199418 199418Z - 49.d 468 1276 26000 3.59 487 7.98 603200 93.9 764 4273 0.87 5.38 50.4 22.65 200.3 1603 19.92 44.3 719 8.38
199418 199418Z - 50.d 270.3 77.3 600 3.82 85 38.25 599400 753.4 967.2 4153 0.06 1.42 4.22 0.294 34.26 2677 0.014 178.4 6.4 2.51
199418 199418Z - 51.d 429 1700 4450 0.8 223 3.9 606100 58.8 52.8 9550 0.4 2.42 4.97 43.3 203 2250 33.9 13.21 51.5 7.88
199418 199418Z - 52.d 265.4 33.9 1450 2.24 80 8.31 607200 866.1 681 5040 0.115 1.52 4.3 0.133 7342 2062 2.2 83.5 0.509 227.2
199418 199418Z - 53.d 318.6 166 2440 2.71 624 2.67 602000 128.6 454.2 7050 0.22 4.04 40.3 40.22 210.5 7068 34.7 128.3 107.6 7.69
199418 199418Z - 54.d 623 3720 7850 3.63 90 4.61 604100 44.5 13 10900 0.51 5.8 6.63 0.361 51.46 2239 3.9 10.04 13.32 3.2
199418 199418Z - 55.d 279.6 23.4 475 2.77 95 2.73 598500 197.6 284.3 6557 0.07 1.5 3.91 0.197 97.32 3146 16.41 89.4 1617 5.37
199418 199418Z - 56.d 298.4 473 2960 1.15 95 4.78 602000 192.4 323.9 21300 0.52 3.48 6.65 0.83 173 3002 26.23 95.9 1785 7.66
199418 199418Z - 57.d 268.8 24.5 870 0.9 70 50 600800 554.5 694.5 6258 0.164 1.53 4.94 0.092 82.8 3692 3.38 818 89.8 4.91
199418 199418Z - 58.d 583 2550 7040 3.7 640 48 601600 686.2 1113 4160 1.03 12.5 9.7 77.87 202.2 3145 11.32 242.5 59.2 10.03
199418 199418Z - 59.d 266.4 19.52 290 3.19 70 133.6 598300 3848 8765 4700 0.19 2.06 6.94 0.1 136.8 615 4.89 924 16.09 12.12
199418 199418Z - 60.d 266.6 21.8 285 2.55 80 120.9 601800 737.8 2156 3440 0.3 1.32 4.33 0.119 66.7 332.5 2.44 1224 5.3 3.29
199418 199418Z - 61.d 1490 15100 23700 1.25 95 21.31 606000 695 267.9 3810 0.42 1.76 5.34 0.335 107.7 3060 0.31 469.8 8.12 5.74
199418 199418Z - 62.d 297.2 210 1270 1 315 12.51 602400 268.5 214 7560 0.065 1.76 10 17.69 105 2431 9.7 40.4 73 7.52
199418 199418Z - 63.d 264 8.62 305 2.56 65 40.58 601800 480.6 151.8 6740 0.085 1.49 3.84 0.277 14.98 124.3 0.44 40 8.58 0.388
199418 199418Z - 64.d 279 57 365 1.15 100 97.6 600800 2076 192.1 991 0.04 1.28 4.01 0.11 96.25 188.7 0.143 576.9 2.65 9.28
199418 199418Z - 65.d 591 2290 4600 2.96 304 3.59 601600 170.8 194.1 12950 0.7 3.38 23.3 8.87 185.5 1834 2.36 69.2 175.5 7.98
199418 199418Z - 66.d 266.8 32.6 930 1.95 70 26.97 602500 421.1 2998 4273 0.39 1.75 6.49 1.59 137 1316 1.13 3290 414.7 7
199418 199418Z - 67.d 267.8 21.1 380 1.05 60 11.45 602500 2816 6934 2244 0.11 1.56 3.48 0.385 123 1959 11.18 380.8 49.1 6.23
199418 199418Z - 68.d 267.3 87.8 315 3.27 65 75 602300 3678 3896 1861 0.146 1.86 4.63 0.217 50.38 1145.5 2.94 579.8 21.03 3.06
199418 199418Z - 69.d 263.8 16.85 285 3.38 75 135 601600 1598 6833 4050 0.11 2.43 6.62 0.373 36.82 161.6 2.3 295.9 12.55 1.75
199418 199418Z - 70.d 264.8 14.4 465 3.11 80 77 599500 1191 616 8340 0.105 1.35 3.81 3.15 607.9 3042 6.36 142 344 27.2
199418 199418Z - 71.d 1295 2346 23800 3.37 888 10.92 599200 111.7 81.3 5517 1.06 3.9 34.7 60.2 82.13 3726 18.18 46.3 570 3.14
199418 199418Z - 72.d 307 417 2560 3.46 80 3.89 603200 149.7 231.6 5270 0.13 1.86 9.86 0.508 168 2312 78.5 68.3 638 10.11
199418 199418Z - 73.d 275.5 55.1 390 4.46 85 4.57 602000 983.3 575.5 2667 0.115 1.2 3.96 0.15 88.8 165.3 1.31 30.55 4.7 4.96
199418 199418Z - 74.d 277.1 12.01 330 2.4 70 77.5 601800 6630 9579 1860 0.135 1.44 4.26 0.086 68.4 1011.1 6.53 394.3 102.6 4.16
199418 199418Z - 75.d 361 1420 3900 1 90 13.8 605800 2093 831.9 3300 0.87 18.8 7.06 18.5 870 92.4 3.14 129.7 21.76 25.7
199419 199419Z - 1.d 450 2490 11890 1.3 120 18.66 606100 1711 758 904 1.03 4.81 5.95 1.175 108 1581 0.155 82.7 3.86 10.82
199419 199419Z - 2.d 234.8 435 7990 1.65 110 34.38 601600 1428 745.1 7990 0.22 2 4.26 0.079 774.9 4165 3.91 162.2 0.065 35.74
199419 199419Z - 3.d 399.5 331 9420 3.03 697 37.5 602400 749.5 1186 4920 0.17 5.64 14.1 22.66 259 3395 22.41 62.4 8.03 16.74
199419 199419Z - 4.d 291.2 392 32400 3.13 240 14.31 603800 44.5 41.5 1310 0.19 10.03 6.27 12.61 373.2 875.8 4.13 15.9 14.37 23.18
199419 199419Z - 5.d 330 1350 11160 3.8 686 37.55 598400 455.5 267.6 1840 0.2 3.3 26.6 27.17 271 894 0.06 280 10.64 15.85
199419 199419Z - 6.d 463 939 17100 1.4 338 13.08 596900 1637 1121 4190 1.36 7.23 10.2 8.96 451.1 1805 4.2 118 44.6 10.78
199419 199419Z - 7.d 306.4 651 60300 3.49 460 119.8 603900 1890 373 1268 0.68 4.49 6.65 27.19 436.7 248 0.25 1429 15.91 11.35
199419 199419Z - 8.d 323 494 14210 1.2 452 22.9 606500 3242 2089 753 0.45 13.8 6.46 23.7 72.1 1242 0.155 162.8 4.83 5.88
199419 199419Z - 9.d 415.8 2945 10410 6.28 406 104.6 601000 1601 2490 61400 2.29 44.3 821 34.9 1164 3896 43.6 560 12.35 55.7
199419 199419Z - 10.d 989 6290 22200 1.6 1230 24.4 598700 867.1 4678 10640 4.07 48.4 19.1 63.7 83.8 1930 7.02 179 147.5 2.61484 J.K. P ORTERAppendix D  Table 1 Page 96 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file
199418 199418Z - 45.d
199418 199418Z - 46.d
199418 199418Z - 47.d
199418 199418Z - 48.d
199418 199418Z - 49.d
199418 199418Z - 50.d
199418 199418Z - 51.d
199418 199418Z - 52.d
199418 199418Z - 53.d
199418 199418Z - 54.d
199418 199418Z - 55.d
199418 199418Z - 56.d
199418 199418Z - 57.d
199418 199418Z - 58.d
199418 199418Z - 59.d
199418 199418Z - 60.d
199418 199418Z - 61.d
199418 199418Z - 62.d
199418 199418Z - 63.d
199418 199418Z - 64.d
199418 199418Z - 65.d
199418 199418Z - 66.d
199418 199418Z - 67.d
199418 199418Z - 68.d
199418 199418Z - 69.d
199418 199418Z - 70.d
199418 199418Z - 71.d
199418 199418Z - 72.d
199418 199418Z - 73.d
199418 199418Z - 74.d
199418 199418Z - 75.d
199419 199419Z - 1.d
199419 199419Z - 2.d
199419 199419Z - 3.d
199419 199419Z - 4.d
199419 199419Z - 5.d
199419 199419Z - 6.d
199419 199419Z - 7.d
199419 199419Z - 8.d
199419 199419Z - 9.d
199419 199419Z - 10.dTa W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Th U Group C Rocktype Rock Unit
40.81 495.4 152 391.5 173.6 185.3 246.8 380.3 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
97.9 541.2 1.95 15.44 1.22 0.34 3.17 35.83 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
105.7 572 2.25 14.4 0.835 0.131 1.2 36.05 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
13.63 222.6 1.95 16.67 1.192 0.0205 0.009 38.45 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
60.14 1220 48.3 144.9 57.2 61.1 156.4 186.1 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
151.1 3732 1.65 1.556 0.312 0.268 2.36 3.216 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
155.2 89 2.4 10.16 2.73 4.63 28.8 15.46 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
158.5 1.85 1.85 6.38 0.572 0.093 0.0237 10.3 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
1067 744 104.2 167.6 108.6 126.9 177.3 92.2 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
155.3 28.18 2.75 1.48 0.769 0.721 2.59 1.302 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
185.4 503.1 1.85 64.2 4.59 0.365 1.35 138.5 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
112.7 411 4.6 28.83 4.88 3.33 1.32 54.9 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
210 296.5 2.2 9.07 0.613 0.053 0.11 19.58 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
152.3 1454 167 271.7 179 213 307 131.5 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
77.39 1354 1.75 23.95 2.16 0.756 0.0199 49.11 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
17.22 776 2.35 7.15 0.554 0.072 0.334 15.62 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
179.3 113.4 1.95 4.43 0.619 0.378 1.65 7.98 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
119.9 1428 8.1 16.39 8.52 9.81 20.56 14.29 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
19.56 0.294 1.7 2.95 0.271 0.063 0.386 6.43 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
7.34 22.77 2.05 1.5 0.204 0.02 0.014 3.32 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
59.1 528.9 27.2 139.3 37 36.7 62.84 191.8 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
100.1 1940 2.2 7.58 1.07 0.633 0.59 14.93 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
127.7 381 2.1 24.9 1.84 0.351 4.07 52.8 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
51.7 195.7 2.15 9.81 0.741 0.183 1.26 21.11 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
4.13 780 1.85 7.42 0.85 0.531 3.12 15.67 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
95.2 945 3.7 17.41 3.65 10.4 53.5 18.38 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
245.4 651 147.6 479 166.9 177.1 320.9 641.3 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
80.6 255 2 59.3 6.6 2.92 1.408 118.5 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
7.24 8.66 1.75 0.294 0.102 0.101 0.109 0.525 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
52 2095 2.3 25.62 1.75 0.048 0.203 56.01 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
4.5 61.8 2.05 50.1 4.23 1.59 17.6 89.1 7 pebbly sandstone Amadeus Basin, Sir Frederick Conglomerate, Mu Hills
345.4 134.9 2.85 5.26 1.63 2.9 24 7.04 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
295.2 992 2.6 10.31 0.922 0.037 0.0055 13.63 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
110.5 952 5.1 19.14 8.53 15.94 97.1 15.62 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
46.22 28.3 39.5 63.6 56.5 56 46.48 19.35 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
68.6 186.3 57.5 72.1 73.8 79.4 131 5.44 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
78.2 445.5 4.9 40.5 10.11 13.13 77 57.48 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
11.95 6.56 3 5.72 4.1 6.18 30.34 2.83 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
118.7 148.3 11 20.24 15.34 25.08 137.2 10.54 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
193 1168 101.8 191 138.6 179.6 681.1 106 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
96.7 534 19.8 76.6 29.94 56.2 304.5 63.1 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu HillsAppendix D J.K. P ORTER 485Appendix D  Table 1 Page 97 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file Mg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf
199419 199419Z - 11.d 271.5 132 7640 1.5 110 91.2 601300 2099 731 5140 0.63 9.4 10.7 0.652 45.05 318.3 1.26 280.3 14.65 1.99
199419 199419Z - 12.d 380.9 1277 13930 3.45 140 39.6 605200 1717 1321 1962 1.08 6.39 9 73 1670 1206 10.47 496 55.8 46.7
199419 199419Z - 13.d 564 2420 15990 1.65 406 20.4 607800 928 673 4834 1.78 9.69 9.8 9.23 52.46 1374 2.65 112.5 37.9 3.01
199419 199419Z - 14.d 386.4 960 10430 2.79 360 24.08 602300 2500 527.1 1910 1.17 6.76 11.39 0.783 20.32 1126 4.22 198.1 45.4 1.34
199419 199419Z - 15.d 241.5 15 9580 1.65 120 140.8 602300 837.8 9230 9460 0.125 2.37 4.18 1.04 81 329.3 0.69 601 68.5 2.64
199419 199419Z - 16.d 318.5 609 15250 3.04 145 19.07 599500 631.5 431 3130 1.41 4.34 8.82 14.27 70.34 1353 0.84 73 33.7 6.25
199419 199419Z - 17.d 380 2130 12440 1.55 577 10.78 601800 2225 2730 3830 1.2 7.22 13.2 13.21 336.7 1609 2.07 296.7 116.3 16.2
199419 199419Z - 18.d 326.3 559 9290 2.72 105 6.01 599800 1785 1810 4302 1.91 20.5 8.14 1.243 27.5 1731 126.7 146.4 32 1.56
199419 199419Z - 19.d 249.2 956 10750 1.45 827 38.5 602100 279.4 191.9 7010 0.135 3.85 5.08 32.54 213.8 5640 0.021 67.6 24.71 41.5
199419 199419Z - 20.d 301.9 875 10310 1.6 325 24.88 601000 303.6 130.2 2368 0.88 6.03 5.56 30.52 71.23 1334 0.18 75.4 11.08 6.29
199419 199419Z - 21.d 601 1057 10190 3.67 529 23.4 606400 560 5077 1471 1.38 3.71 12.57 2.7 53 3415 6.63 167.3 28.9 7.91
199419 199419Z - 22.d 270.9 1955 8780 1.3 90 50.6 605800 3527 983 827 0.61 1.86 3.55 0.054 151.2 643.2 2.84 132.8 7.85 11.06
199419 199419Z - 23.d 246.1 183.4 8750 1.15 110 259.6 599500 1198 2025 1745 0.75 3.36 6.15 0.226 854.6 4274 2.19 178.8 0.36 40.85
199419 199419Z - 24.d 330 1060 12500 1.45 403 37.6 610200 1033 373.3 1970 0.35 11.2 8.06 10.86 480 3148 13.39 147.2 0.71 28.15
199419 199419Z - 25.d 284.7 583 9340 1.4 482 15.05 605800 1294 1048 3954 1.9 9.54 10.19 24.2 800 704 0.43 423 50.3 21.7
199419 199419Z - 26.d 363 910 10200 3.89 125 10.5 605200 1250 2012 1295 1.22 4.07 6.15 20.74 196.1 1379 32.1 126 43.4 8.36
199419 199419Z - 27.d 371.6 316.3 9110 2.9 604 23.28 603000 1521 1979 1602 0.165 12.6 13.9 8.36 428.6 2846 61.1 283.3 18.65 26.44
199419 199419Z - 28.d 291.6 338 8070 2.68 115 7.13 605100 704.4 256.4 1164 0.165 2.64 4.9 0.534 123.2 2198 4.25 19.67 6.77 11.55
199419 199419Z - 29.d 332 842 8160 3.15 290 6.62 605700 2306 1481 3867 0.58 8.6 7.3 2.22 55.2 1624 76.7 176.3 48.5 3.06
199419 199419Z - 30.d 305.7 1019 9760 1.6 110 18.73 601700 1315 2506 1279 0.6 3.35 6.98 7.4 2002 2433 36.5 490 36.1 52.6
199419 199419Z - 31.d 268.4 176.5 29200 3.8 224 32.8 602100 243.6 326 4082 0.43 5.66 15.1 19.15 37.91 2899 1.32 86.1 15.11 1.59
199419 199419Z - 32.d 320.4 1043 11300 1.7 483 56.1 601200 5943 420.9 9210 6.72 17.02 20 69.8 1591 1571 31.7 22.79 2.21 45.25
199419 199419Z - 33.d 247.4 52 7700 1.65 90 2.38 596300 2242 240.8 1356 0.135 2.26 4.6 0.221 653.1 1060 16.86 13.4 1.78 29.63
199419 199419Z - 34.d 298.2 239 8590 1.45 471 26.41 598200 1053 1075 4850 0.28 19.1 10.2 47.93 103.5 2328 25.7 165.5 425 3.9
199419 199419Z - 35.d 354 760 9950 3.3 135 6.4 601500 1603 577 1313 1.08 2.46 4.92 2.53 231 1423 21.86 97.3 66.6 20.81
199419 199419Z - 36.d 280.1 1273 7510 3.3 110 4.02 596300 495 568 3017 0.47 2.7 4.08 0.309 33.9 1093 0.061 244 1.42 3.84
199419 199419Z - 37.d 259.7 128 7030 1.95 234 4.66 602300 1069 599 1194 0.155 3.19 7.89 4.3 12.04 1869 1.54 147 16.46 1.34
199419 199419Z - 38.d 246.6 76 8010 3.5 110 22.71 602400 204.7 139.2 2573 0.205 1.6 3.78 0.049 0.373 1156 0.031 201.3 0.72 0.0155
199419 199419Z - 39.d 259.5 540 8730 1.45 422 0.245 603700 5124 1347 766 0.19 2.93 6.96 2.55 2.642 1160 0.725 237.8 1.47 0.134
199419 199419Z - 40.d 658 616 8300 3.7 321 33.7 598600 1755 2154 4080 0.81 3.89 7.13 12.23 22.07 3157 0.07 333 15.11 1.4
199419 199419Z - 41.d 436 2710 11180 1.45 120 13.69 605700 2363 1157 6530 1.25 9.29 5.61 1.38 24.28 1432 7.74 296 60.4 2.34
199419 199419Z - 42.d 273 24 7600 3.44 90 22.66 595900 530.3 385.8 3383 0.1 2.13 3.03 0.067 182.6 380.5 6.37 137.6 4.6 25.28
199419 199419Z - 43.d 281.4 99.7 7670 1.65 493 16.14 599200 1009 2722 1153 0.4 4.36 11.23 7.47 802 3233 51.5 458 13.03 34.78
199419 199419Z - 44.d 284 539 16100 1.7 594 40.9 601100 437.6 647 6570 2.62 24.9 15.7 94.6 23900 1087 1.19 211.9 34.3 640
199419 199419Z - 45.d 270.2 183 6650 1.1 110 5.09 604000 632 631 2034 0.13 2.65 4.36 2.22 24.48 1924 10.86 96.5 148.9 0.545
199419 199419Z - 46.d 431.7 960 8600 1.25 278 21.94 607700 730.4 287.4 2212 0.9 3.05 7.48 15.24 146.4 1854 0.244 535.9 4.16 12.32
199419 199419Z - 47.d 436 1230 13260 1.55 90 134.5 603100 1549 2106 2415 1.51 5.66 5.21 4.79 69.53 1994 186.3 583.3 95 9.07
199419 199419Z - 48.d 443 1680 10460 1.7 130 280.1 604100 2558 545.6 1580 1.28 4.18 5.2 0.484 27.53 147.7 0.135 75 1.06 1.37
199419 199419Z - 49.d 276.8 189.7 7610 1.45 445 15.26 604200 1158 557 8680 0.39 9 7.58 24.4 407 2029 13.76 146.4 93.2 11.1
199419 199419Z - 50.d 273.3 622 8580 4.3 100 58.8 602600 1891 923 2344 0.32 2.72 4.03 0.924 412.3 591 73 347.6 23.4 18.52486 J.K. P ORTERAppendix D  Table 1 Page 98 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file
199419 199419Z - 11.d
199419 199419Z - 12.d
199419 199419Z - 13.d
199419 199419Z - 14.d
199419 199419Z - 15.d
199419 199419Z - 16.d
199419 199419Z - 17.d
199419 199419Z - 18.d
199419 199419Z - 19.d
199419 199419Z - 20.d
199419 199419Z - 21.d
199419 199419Z - 22.d
199419 199419Z - 23.d
199419 199419Z - 24.d
199419 199419Z - 25.d
199419 199419Z - 26.d
199419 199419Z - 27.d
199419 199419Z - 28.d
199419 199419Z - 29.d
199419 199419Z - 30.d
199419 199419Z - 31.d
199419 199419Z - 32.d
199419 199419Z - 33.d
199419 199419Z - 34.d
199419 199419Z - 35.d
199419 199419Z - 36.d
199419 199419Z - 37.d
199419 199419Z - 38.d
199419 199419Z - 39.d
199419 199419Z - 40.d
199419 199419Z - 41.d
199419 199419Z - 42.d
199419 199419Z - 43.d
199419 199419Z - 44.d
199419 199419Z - 45.d
199419 199419Z - 46.d
199419 199419Z - 47.d
199419 199419Z - 48.d
199419 199419Z - 49.d
199419 199419Z - 50.dTa W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Th U Group C Rocktype Rock Unit
11.05 56.3 2.1 5.96 1.28 1.06 3.33 7.85 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
78.6 283 28.6 89.5 41 37.26 31.6 87.2 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
80.44 247.9 7.7 96.4 14.48 16.96 130 150.5 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
72.2 106 2.1 32.4 5.84 4.1 6.71 50.09 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
25.06 2.45 2.35 3.59 0.681 0.691 5.25 6.65 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
91 185.2 30.8 47.8 40.1 45.2 107.1 18.9 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
65.2 557.9 5 37.9 9.38 21.32 193.8 54.2 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
100.3 106.5 2.25 7.42 3.02 2.95 9.53 8.62 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
727 126.4 3.8 11.84 4.73 17.27 180.9 13.93 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
68.8 175.7 4.05 6.77 2.85 14.06 186.5 8.93 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
150.2 68.9 2.15 8.71 5.23 10.42 66.5 6.76 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
64.6 22 1.9 1.353 0.06 0.031 0.00325 2.434 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
187.4 320.3 2.05 14.38 1.46 0.745 3.15 29.29 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
196.2 116 5.1 17.99 7.52 18.42 134.4 18.21 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
40.01 238.8 9.3 37.3 12.09 19.64 148.3 53.14 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
68.24 175.1 7.1 47 15.09 16.45 61.54 58.38 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
105.8 281.4 7.5 30.47 9.96 24.99 211.8 36.97 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
134.6 55.8 1.95 2.8 0.94 1.55 9.09 3.399 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
70.7 127.7 1.85 8.76 3.13 2.97 9.2 11.36 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
83.1 319.2 2.6 45 6.48 6.72 49.3 72.7 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
240.6 163.9 11.1 61.3 23.93 30.48 155.4 85.1 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
70.47 70.8 15 22.16 19.1 23.87 102.1 4.31 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
51.21 14.6 1.9 10.51 1.09 0.337 1.42 12.85 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
142.4 887 108.2 216.3 156.8 157.2 180.4 149.6 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
74.4 244.4 2.1 12.06 3.08 3.6 19.66 16.85 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
98.5 67.7 2.55 0.813 0.299 0.344 1.701 0.982 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
135.7 231.3 2.25 12.15 3.42 5.9 50.73 18.42 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
116.5 818 2.2 0.327 0.06 0.033 0.0037 0.819 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
60.1 191 2.4 3.93 2.65 3.45 13.88 2.57 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
224.1 321.1 8.4 29.39 8.38 32.3 327.7 38.62 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
98.2 157.5 2.05 10.2 3.56 3.86 14.26 13.1 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
14.01 27.24 1.75 7.7 0.7 0.038 0.0026 9.71 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
102.7 398.2 12.9 43.7 17.95 21.77 90.31 52.99 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
51.41 484.9 11.1 58.7 19.77 28.7 173.8 63.4 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
77.1 210.8 3.5 5.89 2.23 3.53 28.12 7.72 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
149.2 166.7 2.55 8.05 4.2 14.04 159.1 8.16 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
62.47 336.2 2.75 13.02 4.12 20.17 229.8 17.52 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
7.78 30.3 2.75 0.593 0.475 0.601 2.17 0.303 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
128.9 194 20.5 46.5 27.49 34.14 157 46.36 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
24.5 456.5 1.95 17.61 2.56 2.11 8.57 23.97 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu HillsAppendix D J.K. P ORTER 487Appendix D  Table 1 Page 99 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file Mg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf
199419 199419Z - 51.d 846 3150 16940 1.9 921 45.3 597600 132.1 756.1 5470 1.99 16.9 13.6 177.3 442.8 930 7.77 122.6 133.2 14.09
199419 199419Z - 52.d 313 1200 10440 2 408 65.8 606200 199.7 19.7 3720 0.77 9.72 6.09 4.76 2055 1485 20.4 4.03 0.56 75
199419 199419Z - 53.d 248.3 35.1 6910 1.6 125 2.23 599100 438.5 304.3 2666 0.14 3.94 5.16 0.091 438.5 291 6.47 12.79 0.59 17.98
199419 199419Z - 54.d 300.2 989 16500 4.7 625 321.1 604000 364.5 35.4 11860 0.88 24.2 7.72 191 3850 10250 1.31 1991 26 103
199419 199419Z - 55.d 672 4352 159700 8.8 1460 113.8 600200 2215 4135 45840 23.6 58.2 59.6 247.8 285.2 1148 22 50.6 46.1 7.16
199419 199419Z - 56.d 417 1230 8850 5.4 470 31.7 600700 720.1 1249 1139 1.62 3.21 5.76 2.14 226.8 1307 5.46 97.4 439 15.18
199419 199419Z - 57.d 260.5 773 7500 4.2 85 30.96 598100 3547 2260 557 0.3 5.17 4.18 0.24 12.77 150 0.065 8.61 0.456 1
199419 199419Z - 58.d 290.5 589 8290 4.5 140 18.41 599600 1576 725 1800 1.17 8.23 9.7 11.83 491.6 2224 49.2 101.8 5.58 21.13
199419 199419Z - 59.d 320.7 675 10670 5.1 353 25.17 598900 407.7 211.1 2467 0.53 19.3 8.1 18.65 293.3 1170 2.06 33.1 11.75 8.27
199419 199419Z - 60.d 432 2990 14090 2.05 135 28.05 602300 544.2 589 16740 3.82 14.2 14.6 3.67 45.4 1177 7.31 83.6 42.4 1.64
199419 199419Z - 61.d 386.4 2748 20530 3 831 90.2 606700 1318 368.3 23190 18.3 40 44.5 113.9 1333 5230 31.2 251 12.28 45.6
199419 199419Z - 62.d 251.4 102.6 8130 3.9 95 9 603300 1807 1402 14280 0.155 1.87 3.06 0.088 5.2 2709 3 332 82.7 0.696
199419 199419Z - 63.d 271.9 644 8110 5.1 85 10.53 601400 1296 532 10820 1.15 4.2 6.5 0.788 45.08 1417 17.03 72.2 34.9 4.31
199419 199419Z - 64.d 392.1 183.1 15300 4.5 372 8.74 605400 875 1264 3687 0.42 2.6 7.12 1.004 36.3 2858 24.1 246.2 17.99 6.11
199419 199419Z - 65.d 1019 6860 28300 4.3 590 23.55 603200 524.2 411.7 4000 1.67 15.4 9.3 55.3 54.46 1527 1.49 60.3 47.8 3.23
199419 199419Z - 66.d 385.3 2405 20180 1.95 1600 94.2 597000 1628 360.4 16210 9 25.5 30.6 176.1 1144 1760 5.39 41.4 8.66 27.49
199419 199419Z - 67.d 317.3 358 9460 4.4 899 34.26 600700 1185 561.4 3292 1.27 10.4 15.9 11.41 30.65 2044 0.57 240.8 50.5 1.02
199419 199419Z - 68.d 278.7 148.6 8010 5.1 531 9.07 604400 610.2 3930 4330 0.58 3.65 5.75 5.55 23.66 2450 16.29 128.5 30.1 2.89
199419 199419Z - 69.d 714 3800 17900 2.2 523 15.62 598800 1682 1516 1730 2.95 12.6 8.7 14.19 24.5 1125 1.23 165.6 25.6 1.63
199419 199419Z - 70.d 445 784 8420 4.7 302 65.6 601700 1807 3530 1887 0.7 2.74 6.75 1.83 21.15 5445 7.74 374 45.1 2.79
199419 199419Z - 71.d 294.9 629 8010 4.3 718 33.67 597700 1087 804 3123 0.46 8.14 12.21 39.7 45.6 2511 7.15 173.9 21.6 1.64
199419 199419Z - 72.d 941 7790 45300 6.5 570 41.79 602500 453 182.3 6240 2.7 15.61 6.4 58.5 57.4 1205 0.126 50.6 4 4.98
199419 199419Z - 73.d 360 519 7020 5.6 479 26.09 601400 508.3 418.8 857 0.205 1.89 16.1 0.828 4.47 771.7 0.45 36.3 6.97 0.383
199419 199419Z - 74.d 459 469 7710 5.7 636 58.1 598800 2903 4298 656 0.175 15.1 10 18.7 1436 1978 11.38 350 31 46.9
199419 199419Z - 75.d 255.5 9.8 4930 1.6 105 3.1 601300 1153 148.7 1528 0.235 1.54 3.15 0.066 560.8 160.3 2.96 3.12 0.06 14.55
199419 199419Z - 76.d 477 1630 11350 1.85 626 39.7 602100 2607 3565 2045 1.54 13.5 13.1 18.94 36.84 1253 0.56 665 20.74 2.45
199419 199419Z - 77.d 284 1080 9270 5.4 535 21.32 598700 1583 854 1823 0.93 11.27 10.3 62.1 17.85 1427 0.41 510 13.51 1.28
199419 199419Z - 78.d 648 552 8530 6.8 487 7.11 603800 1895 1468 1365 0.58 2.68 19.2 49 611.6 2837 11.44 157.8 0.825 23.89
199419 199419Z - 79.d 254.6 581 7350 6.3 229 28.67 600700 174.7 472.7 6110 0.34 2.05 3.52 7.02 21.4 528 0.105 35.2 0.451 1.55
199419 199419Z - 80.d 582 8650 49200 8.2 340 429 602300 619 68.2 3710 0.84 6.08 8.1 14.78 172.3 445 0.042 57.9 6.3 18.06
199419 199419Z - 81.d 444 1880 12400 5.6 115 71.3 599300 185.9 72.5 9250 1.56 2.45 3.76 11 7.73 3692 0.055 143.6 6.75 0.85
199419 199419Z - 82.d 276.7 101.5 7450 2.35 633 23.72 604900 1516 1740 2433 0.19 3.32 25.1 2.48 218.5 3273 61.9 132.6 92.2 17.96
199419 199419Z - 83.d 348.6 764 9570 7.9 817 31.34 607800 3351 1661 1150 1.02 61 11.3 75.7 613.5 2528 16.3 483.3 25.45 16.14
199419 199419Z - 84.d 432 1041 26800 7.2 463 33.4 604500 873 2054 2144 1.39 7.41 13.59 23.7 104 945 7.7 357.9 160.8 4.11
199419 199419Z - 85.d 710 8940 44100 11.2 2780 296 600900 6190 3910 76000 66.6 120.8 142.6 46.3 2070 484 9.76 46.7 104.8 50.7
199419 199419Z - 86.d 430 2230 16500 8.1 125 5.69 605600 1174 1044 8680 0.93 10.56 6.27 4.99 25.2 1705 38.3 247 119.2 2.55
199419 199419Z - 87.d 280.4 480.5 7280 6.5 697 36.8 602500 1273 241.6 6630 0.31 4.11 14.2 115.6 77.8 1526 1.75 281 130.2 5.26
199419 199419Z - 88.d 279.1 370 7610 4.9 299 19.24 601800 47.1 25.6 1796 0.195 7.18 8 15.36 1097 1877 9.67 8.96 13.7 23.63
199419 199419Z - 89.d 316.5 602 12640 6.4 349 14.7 598300 257 87 5730 0.54 5.2 4.74 1170 790 1827 1.3 29.95 27.62 29.8
199419 199419Z - 90.d 248.5 36.6 7480 6 327 89.2 601500 113.7 37.6 6900 0.08 1.82 5.69 5.81 23.5 1717 0.65 4.07 0.271 1.86
199419 199419Z - 91.d 307.3 740 7110 5.1 276 12.72 601100 1341 4815 7780 0.45 9.9 5.32 176 206 2413 13.88 644 35.5 10.3488 J.K. P ORTERAppendix D  Table 1 Page 100 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file
199419 199419Z - 51.d
199419 199419Z - 52.d
199419 199419Z - 53.d
199419 199419Z - 54.d
199419 199419Z - 55.d
199419 199419Z - 56.d
199419 199419Z - 57.d
199419 199419Z - 58.d
199419 199419Z - 59.d
199419 199419Z - 60.d
199419 199419Z - 61.d
199419 199419Z - 62.d
199419 199419Z - 63.d
199419 199419Z - 64.d
199419 199419Z - 65.d
199419 199419Z - 66.d
199419 199419Z - 67.d
199419 199419Z - 68.d
199419 199419Z - 69.d
199419 199419Z - 70.d
199419 199419Z - 71.d
199419 199419Z - 72.d
199419 199419Z - 73.d
199419 199419Z - 74.d
199419 199419Z - 75.d
199419 199419Z - 76.d
199419 199419Z - 77.d
199419 199419Z - 78.d
199419 199419Z - 79.d
199419 199419Z - 80.d
199419 199419Z - 81.d
199419 199419Z - 82.d
199419 199419Z - 83.d
199419 199419Z - 84.d
199419 199419Z - 85.d
199419 199419Z - 86.d
199419 199419Z - 87.d
199419 199419Z - 88.d
199419 199419Z - 89.d
199419 199419Z - 90.d
199419 199419Z - 91.dTa W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Th U Group C Rocktype Rock Unit
56.57 518 41.9 204.4 66.9 89.5 446 254.9 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
102.3 39.7 24.2 36.2 33.1 32.8 25.34 11.12 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
16.89 6.8 1.85 1.59 0.483 0.429 0.056 2.72 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
1565 718 7.2 30.1 13.94 22.33 152.6 32.1 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
42.82 345 68.9 128.6 100.4 119.8 402.9 37.46 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
101.3 156.3 4.3 13.64 5.41 6.4 30.5 17.88 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
17.1 6.29 2.35 0.91 0.72 0.88 0.875 0.138 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
111.9 156.2 4.2 7.93 4.45 8.8 70.02 6.7 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
63.91 323.2 92.2 213.6 126 120.2 114.5 151.6 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
85.1 150.4 9.2 15.5 9.06 11.34 37.04 10.79 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
144.4 345.4 71.6 126.5 96 133.3 442.9 45.6 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
120.1 789 2.3 0.33 0.06 0.094 0.319 0.364 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
120.1 96.3 2 10.52 2.92 3.25 10.61 12.65 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
162.7 130.8 1.7 27.8 4.36 2.77 7.92 50.9 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
47.2 827 27 103.2 43.6 65.2 251.1 79 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
43.99 544 126.1 180.8 175 186.8 371.1 18.2 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
185.3 237 10.3 46.8 16.26 21.51 133.9 70.9 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
117.3 56.42 2.3 30.32 6.97 18.23 181.4 47.28 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
69.3 447 2.25 30.7 8.19 27.18 241.3 38.91 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
457.4 181.5 2.4 5.8 2.99 3.69 14.24 6.19 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
110.6 380 37.2 81.9 49.3 86.8 492.5 67.6 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
56.9 168.7 3.15 10.71 7.63 16.61 137 6.43 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
69.88 35.92 6.3 13.01 6.6 5.83 3.11 12.8 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
71.2 211 12 101.6 21.62 47.8 393 148.2 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
8.01 26.69 1.9 0.06 0.06 0.0405 0.00445 0.0605 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
45.99 302 2.2 13.93 5.51 44.8 504.9 14.28 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
127.2 419.6 4.6 13.19 4.81 11.32 98.3 15.89 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
66.49 461 6 13.69 9.59 14.81 75.83 8.52 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
50.5 24.6 1.95 2.25 0.624 2.324 23.82 3.215 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
39.1 4720 3.15 3.19 2.3 2.62 10.97 1.828 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
295.1 3110 2.1 3.39 1.46 2.47 16.4 2.87 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
146.1 277.1 10.9 29.4 16.45 15.22 16.98 30.61 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
110.2 967 7.2 24.43 9.79 34.24 332.6 26.35 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
76 213.2 37.9 143.9 55.9 107.3 801.3 180 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
25.58 105.1 238 323 304 340 823 9.16 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
127.3 219.5 2.3 7.07 2.72 5.36 39.5 7.79 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
125.7 28.5 21.7 71.9 29.3 30.9 105.8 107 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
82.1 65.1 17.8 40.3 23.08 25.84 59.7 36.7 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
124.3 172.6 12.2 53.2 21 22.65 45.9 50.1 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
133.5 36.9 2.25 3.11 2.98 3.03 8.4 1.05 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
118.1 581.4 2.2 47.4 6.13 3.98 28.6 91.3 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu HillsAppendix D J.K. P ORTER 489Appendix D  Table 1 Page 101 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file Mg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf
199419 199419Z - 92.d 410 1760 7500 2.25 310 20.16 602100 1766 1551 11980 2.62 13.51 9.87 2.99 82.8 1641 6.05 225.5 26 9.37
199419 199419Z - 93.d 297 565 10690 2.75 145 1055 604000 206.1 14.7 5570 0.66 8.7 5.36 8.34 240.2 14690 1.24 988 0.194 33.25
199419 199419Z - 94.d 269.9 719 7330 6 135 0.75 602700 179.5 38.9 4920 0.125 1.95 4.63 8.81 8.93 345.9 0.026 79.8 11.56 0.9
199419 199419Z - 95.d 309 1066 10220 5.1 1089 19.97 600500 1944 926 1681 0.99 4.44 5.7 32.84 77 736 10.8 533 8.01 2.82
199419 199419Z - 96.d 278.2 405 7220 6.5 100 7.66 598400 389.6 877 1212 0.205 1.63 3.68 0.586 15.09 614 1.115 352 2.59 0.83
199419 199419Z - 97.d 323.7 1812 11750 7.7 2340 73.8 604800 82.6 14.8 5900 0.285 4.77 8 111.3 237.2 2812 0.21 27.4 7.91 12.14
199419 199419Z - 98.d 493 1830 10250 7.8 774 19.3 598700 607.6 739.7 3349 1.24 10.1 14.2 45.7 78.1 1917 7.37 272.9 116.5 4.7
199419 199419Z - 99.d 805 2840 18800 7.4 1160 20.61 600700 157 224.7 13410 1.33 9.83 31.9 223.1 228 1669 19.89 42.9 45.5 7.19
199419 199419Z - 100.d 764 3270 13570 7.8 675 17.56 599800 334.7 949 20950 2.58 15.5 13.1 26.15 26.91 2623 30.7 116.6 66.5 1
199419 199419Z - 101.d 454 940 8090 6.1 847 47 598900 2207 3650 1232 0.65 4.61 15.4 27.47 151.1 2404 79.1 562 27 15.92
199419 199419Z - 102.d 322.4 1210 10830 7.8 565 51.3 603500 1243 1171 4100 0.67 40.6 17.1 115.9 1395.6 2980 38.9 46.1 0.94 40.33
199419 199419Z - 103.d 289.6 1069 8650 6.8 670 29.84 601600 203.3 89.3 2504 0.4 2.85 5.73 84.7 37.96 1568 2.55 107.3 13.33 1.47
199419 199419Z - 104.d 333.1 705 8280 6.8 100 14.64 601900 1508 1684 672 0.42 2.71 4.71 1.278 155.6 2284 7.78 88.2 13.59 10.59
199419 199419Z - 105.d 283 671 7610 5.6 569 135.2 600100 656 67.8 3900 0.84 2.74 7.09 22.32 200.2 1421 0.007 568 3.9 8.44
199419 199419Z - 106.d 448 1120 28900 9.6 125 40.7 601800 484 208.5 2752 1.52 3.92 7.72 9.51 109.2 1195 0.132 68.4 9.69 9.98
199419 199419Z - 107.d 348.6 1568 7450 2.4 105 55 604300 1604 505 2886 5.18 2.1 3.56 0.897 47.7 951 0.31 138.6 2.62 3.21
199419 199419Z - 108.d 374 689 12500 5.4 595 52.6 602300 2460 1330 1464 0.23 5.47 15.4 26 364 3027 76.7 459.3 25.66 27.55
199419 199419Z - 109.d 259.2 208 7940 3 163 11.9 604600 17.5 99.8 1730 0.105 5.9 4.33 9.8 620 1415 0.96 0.62 0.214 21.1
199419 199419Z - 110.d 493 2660 14640 3.05 1002 48 601300 510.6 869 10400 0.47 21.6 8.9 83.8 198 2504 7.15 69 21.1 4.52
199420 199420Z - 1.d 330.1 14.6 8190 1.5 95 3.07 600700 509.3 1509 3897 0.265 1.5 4.07 0.174 707.7 1117 23.9 6.12 0.66 22.82
199420 199420Z - 2.d 339.7 106 8260 2.7 105 0.275 596800 1276 467 6740 0.165 1.51 5.09 0.424 1.369 37170 5.4 16.89 0.43 0.064
199420 199420Z - 3.d 337 57 7640 2.9 100 83.6 601200 1426 454.7 3375 0.35 1.35 3.03 0.079 91.3 2386 0.7 43.3 0.29 7.91
199420 199420Z - 4.d 548 923 10510 1.4 1234 10.23 600200 601.5 150.9 2859 0.25 2.71 74.8 95.6 44.43 4189 2.71 668 7.92 3.66
199420 199420Z - 5.d 342 199.8 7920 1.45 115 1.81 599600 207.2 69.9 2780 0.38 1.61 4.19 0.172 169.1 122.3 0.65 6.01 0.41 5.41
199420 199420Z - 6.d 365.5 157.1 7530 1.55 690 8.03 594200 847 1026 1467 0.5 3.16 17.6 5.26 36.93 594.2 1.87 51.8 204.9 2.15
199420 199420Z - 7.d 334.1 58.5 7210 1.3 100 51.6 593600 1592 265.5 4370 0.255 1.39 3.39 0.045 141.3 401.2 9.33 190.8 57 7.76
199420 199420Z - 8.d 340.8 96.4 9190 1.3 100 4.16 597500 6396 2585 2992 0.63 4.38 5.05 1.052 262.2 2784 28.3 106.1 83.2 10.63
199420 199420Z - 9.d 384.9 713 10270 1.35 657 29.93 604100 1184 662 2102 0.56 5.23 10.2 30.31 33.2 1472 15.9 215.1 13.16 2.81
199420 199420Z - 10.d 337.8 125.4 7850 1.15 130 13.02 598600 924.5 772 2646 0.24 2.5 3.9 0.122 128.2 3483 1.38 85.7 8.58 6.83
199420 199420Z - 11.d 356.7 286 9670 2.83 120 2.14 599100 616.1 296.3 4460 0.205 2.64 3.78 0.53 173 138 4.24 11.91 44.6 6.63
199420 199420Z - 12.d 358 382 13490 3.4 8650 15 600100 1355 139.6 2905 0.195 1.41 3.77 85.9 173 359.5 2.2 43 2.4 6.87
199420 199420Z - 13.d 436 1800 16000 3.9 135 1.63 599800 460.1 863.9 8260 0.76 5.86 5.25 1.27 274 167.2 3.74 6.72 1.35 10.7
199420 199420Z - 14.d 423.7 334 8410 2.85 125 10.46 599800 645.4 1165 2623 0.355 1.75 5.26 3.02 80.1 1331 20.94 190.1 193.9 3.94
199420 199420Z - 15.d 1218 2603 20980 3.9 790 2.92 600500 115.3 137.9 8220 1.57 5.35 24.9 11.98 39.14 5190 17.9 37.8 155.7 2.83
199420 199420Z - 16.d 332.2 91.7 8650 1.25 130 10.15 596200 1180.3 495.9 1561 0.235 1.32 3.29 0.093 85.33 108.1 0.67 11.64 0.376 4.76
199420 199420Z - 17.d 329.8 2.4 7310 3.7 130 942 595700 333.9 59.9 388 0.22 1.48 3.25 0.174 3.33 2062 0.038 7.93 0.07 0.47
199420 199420Z - 18.d 335.5 18.1 6850 1.7 105 42.2 602300 649.5 538.8 4556 0.23 1.33 3.53 0.069 38.89 606.7 2.24 550.3 14.31 2.28
199420 199420Z - 19.d 933 3000 15640 1.9 155 6.51 597900 160.7 223.2 6950 1.64 1.9 30.2 34.5 268 1771 24.6 28.26 430 8.9
199420 199420Z - 20.d 335.2 181.4 7730 1.5 125 88.5 599600 158.4 54.4 1570 0.305 1.53 4.33 12.78 9.64 5148 0.055 11.86 0.085 1.69
199420 199420Z - 21.d 333.8 22.4 7070 1.3 125 6.07 595200 914.3 519 6790 0.23 1.36 2.46 0.057 118.7 8840 3.73 108.8 12.17 6.19490 J.K. P ORTERAppendix D  Table 1 Page 102 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file
199419 199419Z - 92.d
199419 199419Z - 93.d
199419 199419Z - 94.d
199419 199419Z - 95.d
199419 199419Z - 96.d
199419 199419Z - 97.d
199419 199419Z - 98.d
199419 199419Z - 99.d
199419 199419Z - 100.d
199419 199419Z - 101.d
199419 199419Z - 102.d
199419 199419Z - 103.d
199419 199419Z - 104.d
199419 199419Z - 105.d
199419 199419Z - 106.d
199419 199419Z - 107.d
199419 199419Z - 108.d
199419 199419Z - 109.d
199419 199419Z - 110.d
199420 199420Z - 1.d
199420 199420Z - 2.d
199420 199420Z - 3.d
199420 199420Z - 4.d
199420 199420Z - 5.d
199420 199420Z - 6.d
199420 199420Z - 7.d
199420 199420Z - 8.d
199420 199420Z - 9.d
199420 199420Z - 10.d
199420 199420Z - 11.d
199420 199420Z - 12.d
199420 199420Z - 13.d
199420 199420Z - 14.d
199420 199420Z - 15.d
199420 199420Z - 16.d
199420 199420Z - 17.d
199420 199420Z - 18.d
199420 199420Z - 19.d
199420 199420Z - 20.d
199420 199420Z - 21.dTa W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Th U Group C Rocktype Rock Unit
86.3 214 5.4 23.68 9.47 12.43 52.2 25.47 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
606.1 41.3 11.3 17.42 14.29 18.29 5.65 1.801 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
51.1 20.1 2.4 9.43 2.33 4.35 47.83 16.72 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
46.45 415.1 7.2 16.72 10.29 14.88 69.55 11.28 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
110.2 16.9 2.45 0.642 0.258 0.309 0.96 0.962 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
146.4 1331 20 32.21 26.29 28.5 122.1 6.94 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
132.7 219.9 44.6 112.6 61.2 76.1 284.4 113 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
67.48 690 21.6 83.3 38.9 72 450.9 85.3 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
150.3 612.8 65.8 209 101.8 103.8 169.8 217.2 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
105.8 227 9.3 33.6 15.36 67.2 709.5 39.54 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
155.1 619.5 28.7 55.3 37.06 71.1 360.3 32.9 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
215.6 302.6 2.25 9.49 4.24 15.65 171.9 11.89 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
152.1 101.7 2.05 14.2 2.39 3.13 23.49 21.64 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
67.42 201.3 2.25 8.71 3.47 12.66 134.8 11 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
70.19 114.7 3.1 5.54 2.5 7.35 73.6 6.42 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
143.5 68.4 1.85 6.59 1.2 1.407 7.98 9.65 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
136.6 578.7 2.95 24.89 5.71 37.95 430.2 37.38 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
85 51.6 4.7 6.6 5.7 5.9 4.1 2 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
107.9 227.1 68.5 128.4 98.9 133.4 461.2 48 7 siltstone-sandstone Amadeus Basin, Mu Hills
44.86 22.46 4.6 2.49 0.27 0.191 1.41 3.344 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
68.99 70.3 5.5 1.03 0.9 0.88 0.444 0.302 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
164.4 4580 6 2.76 0.185 0.0255 0.064 3.987 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
144.9 173.9 45.1 70.5 37.3 44.4 141.9 72.56 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
5.87 3.68 6 0.452 0.075 0.0265 0.64 1.399 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
30.63 120.2 12.8 36.97 11.5 13.93 54.87 55.21 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
28.13 232.2 3.7 36.11 2.41 0.086 0.255 100.1 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
133.7 838 8 14 2.69 4.13 29.08 35.7 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
76.13 226 4.1 12.72 6.01 8.23 38.17 13.5 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
168.7 63.8 4.25 9.35 0.71 0.029 0.185 25.65 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
7.84 53.3 5.5 1.8 1.52 1.61 0.59 0.338 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
18.8 70.5 5 2.26 0.346 0.272 0.237 5.06 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
13.85 53.1 6 14.1 13.3 13.9 4.68 0.165 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
72.7 448 4.55 56.5 7.93 6.24 31.89 110.4 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
193 272.5 25.9 94.1 37.2 42.7 157.6 158.5 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
6.32 214.8 6 0.042 0.05 0.035 0.007 0.1 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
147.4 10.92 5.5 0.313 0.281 0.243 0.069 0.209 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
10.99 145 5.5 3.86 0.299 0.054 0.0065 10.03 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
79.3 239.6 110.9 312.8 148.6 143.3 149.9 399.8 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
275.7 53.2 4.3 2.27 1.36 1.439 2.99 1.6 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
230.2 165.5 4.55 0.29 0.0465 0.0355 0.057 0.177 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian SuperbasinAppendix D J.K. P ORTER 491Appendix D  Table 1 Page 103 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file Mg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf
199420 199420Z - 22.d 406.9 949 9730 1.8 135 30.5 598400 1172 722.1 2509 0.375 1.65 28.5 0.843 58.89 6390 0.095 131.3 7.22 3.15
199420 199420Z - 23.d 340.1 172 8410 1.75 700 3.48 598900 1135 1397 3260 0.245 1.55 4.46 0.58 176 146.7 5.45 13.28 1.93 6.4
199420 199420Z - 24.d 347.4 391 10110 2.71 120 176.4 594100 2003 1349 3110 0.285 5.7 4.47 0.32 753.1 3104 2.5 311.4 0.09 37.54
199420 199420Z - 25.d 708 1791 9570 1.35 264 136.3 601100 875.8 487 3957 0.7 1.91 7.39 7.93 213.5 6248 1.48 390 22.2 27.91
199420 199420Z - 26.d 344 263 9270 1.8 120 0.295 597600 789 292.2 5210 0.2 5.04 14.4 0.39 160 318.9 2.44 2.73 100.4 3.55
199420 199420Z - 27.d 2550 1706 10380 1.65 702 9.83 593600 312.4 474.5 6340 2.33 9.94 10.4 32.53 42.67 3602 3.01 209.2 23.84 2.87
199420 199420Z - 28.d 363.1 188.1 7990 3.1 145 7.85 594100 355.3 4012 1824 0.36 1.67 5.02 2.74 699 2558 33.2 309.6 129.4 29.06
199420 199420Z - 29.d 346.2 216 9750 1.3 130 2.5 599900 653.5 593.3 5140 0.215 2.03 5.01 0.261 124.2 68.6 2.61 5.34 1.92 5.12
199420 199420Z - 30.d 331.1 38.2 7500 1.85 125 6.64 596600 417 1117 3557 0.25 1.32 3.6 0.055 16.7 2812 1.42 62.1 42.6 1.15
199420 199420Z - 31.d 337.1 54.7 7160 1.4 100 4.81 597500 1138 322.3 4028 0.06 1.69 4.14 0.069 134.4 139.3 2.23 10.69 0.53 5.71
199420 199420Z - 32.d 343.6 51 8490 1.4 140 3.88 596500 702 1092 4640 0.175 1.15 4.86 0.108 240.9 1381 6.42 2.27 14.4 6.15
199420 199420Z - 33.d 336.7 123.3 7140 1.25 125 5.45 594700 758.8 850 2150 0.135 1.66 2.63 0.055 99.49 543.3 0.148 32.13 0.7 4.75
199420 199420Z - 34.d 798 1420 14300 1.6 570 2.66 599200 749.3 754.1 4900 0.82 5.28 4.46 0.64 135.3 172.5 1.91 10.71 0.3 6.23
199420 199420Z - 35.d 330.6 99.6 7510 1.8 125 4.66 598100 1284 298 1567 0.175 2.25 3.76 0.045 81.72 118.9 0.94 53.1 0.306 4.59
199420 199420Z - 36.d 327.2 31.1 7180 1.65 135 48.4 600000 6526 2397 2307 0.33 1.55 3.01 0.088 66.98 1765 3.28 340.8 10.87 4.29
199420 199420Z - 37.d 327.4 78 7290 1.4 110 4.09 596300 854.6 1339 3241 0.205 1.73 3.81 0.161 102.3 730.7 8.4 10.72 0.149 5.53
199420 199420Z - 38.d 377.2 631 8640 1.35 305 5.85 597800 1691 2612 2246 0.92 3.63 5.61 3.76 75.35 1718 129.8 308.6 202.5 5.8
199420 199420Z - 39.d 452 388 8130 1.6 642 62.1 598100 816.9 4181 2731 0.305 3 6.27 10.3 78.1 1029 25.7 252.3 52.4 4.24
199420 199420Z - 40.d 331 135.5 6720 1.55 120 5.7 592400 2462 338 981 0.42 1.52 3.22 0.086 118.32 338.8 1.96 193 0.07 7.2
199420 199420Z - 41.d 340.8 230 8230 1.9 490 15.39 593300 343 226 9220 0.325 1.8 6.77 49.6 210 1797 2.17 165.3 8.93 5.03
199420 199420Z - 42.d 725 3370 16500 2.2 539 5.19 594800 150 107.8 6920 1.04 7.14 13.8 18.21 56.13 3673 16.42 78.7 63.7 5.52
199420 199420Z - 43.d 351 498 9590 2.75 291 616 599900 1871 611 804 0.29 1.78 4.08 52.5 58.4 1650 0.59 218.5 0.53 6.57
199420 199420Z - 44.d 339 88.1 9000 1.3 85 2.8 600800 675 187.6 5410 0.19 2.01 3.58 0.383 474 96.4 3.79 7.35 27.59 15.7
199420 199420Z - 45.d 321 55.9 9840 1.5 140 2.83 598700 717.7 1087 4110 0.215 2.75 6.4 1.7 239 131.1 2.93 9.37 1.42 10.4
199420 199420Z - 46.d 1140 880 10650 1.4 65 101.1 598700 2259 1464 3980 2.61 3.13 4.08 0.36 63.07 2224 4.91 346.4 54.3 3.96
199420 199420Z - 47.d 599 774 9490 4.3 359 22.26 596000 1943 1796 902 0.48 5.82 12.3 8.8 577.1 1178 21.8 216.6 37.7 24.69
199420 199420Z - 48.d 380.8 880 11660 1.45 155 6.7 596300 695.3 1238 6000 0.255 6.63 3.51 17 760 143.5 3.82 10.02 1 18.1
199420 199420Z - 49.d 686 1480 15110 4 960 2.45 596100 50 75.1 3830 0.37 6.67 4.75 4.18 142 2458 0.65 1.02 1.07 2.86
199420 199420Z - 50.d 453 527 11070 2.5 110 28.55 597500 146.9 12.1 5290 0.195 2.62 4.74 24.6 185.5 1622 0.087 16.67 544 11.48
199420 199420Z - 51.d 336.6 42.9 7140 1.6 95 2.85 595900 660.3 751.4 3046 0.205 1.7 3.81 0.086 230 202 4.87 10.51 0.73 7.74
199420 199420Z - 52.d 434 970 11040 1.65 336 17.68 601200 830 904 5710 0.51 4.9 10.1 3.58 79.6 5360 27.9 74.5 77 4.36
199420 199420Z - 53.d 332.4 270.4 8880 1.15 120 37.7 600100 7.61 41 1160 0.295 1.55 3.68 29.7 1525 4384 2.49 8.52 0.76 52.1
199420 199420Z - 54.d 432 1780 13300 1.45 135 8.21 592400 1378 436.9 3000 0.92 10.3 5.13 4.1 2530 330.7 11.47 61.1 0.48 56.3
199420 199420Z - 55.d 428 1328 7120 2.9 110 17.4 595900 521 330.1 1647 0.185 2.34 3.69 1.12 379 1136 0.1 40.7 0.115 19.7
199420 199420Z - 56.d 326.5 24.5 7660 1.45 100 1.92 598000 496.7 599.8 4400 0.32 1.33 3.25 0.051 142.2 1313 5.68 21.6 18.75 5.91
199420 199420Z - 57.d 362.1 58 8330 1.3 100 13.6 598900 1629 413.5 2048 0.44 2.81 3.68 13.3 1380 739 0.94 102.1 7.12 42.2
199420 199420Z - 58.d 418 582 14530 1.6 125 45.1 600800 2458 476.2 3360 0.48 6.53 3.56 26.4 4710 1306 1.17 185.8 0.31 105
199420 199420Z - 59.d 327.4 32.3 7310 3.2 105 4.05 596100 195.1 164.4 9560 0.2 1.62 3.36 0.104 125.5 7620 25 65.9 2118 6.64
199420 199420Z - 60.d 407 667 11080 1.5 684 7 600700 97.3 69.2 2790 0.15 5.81 6.89 49.1 280 329.9 0.08 16.29 7.07 9.4
199420 199420Z - 61.d 397.1 1275 9940 1.65 474 82.5 598300 960 599 14970 1.61 5.43 24.7 48.8 124.1 1221 3.5 422.2 14.61 6.21
199420 199420Z - 62.d 341.8 209 9990 1.8 120 5.44 596300 788.5 452.8 4870 0.39 5.12 4.49 8.6 2350 261.9 5.06 10.58 1.52 72492 J.K. P ORTERAppendix D  Table 1 Page 104 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file
199420 199420Z - 22.d
199420 199420Z - 23.d
199420 199420Z - 24.d
199420 199420Z - 25.d
199420 199420Z - 26.d
199420 199420Z - 27.d
199420 199420Z - 28.d
199420 199420Z - 29.d
199420 199420Z - 30.d
199420 199420Z - 31.d
199420 199420Z - 32.d
199420 199420Z - 33.d
199420 199420Z - 34.d
199420 199420Z - 35.d
199420 199420Z - 36.d
199420 199420Z - 37.d
199420 199420Z - 38.d
199420 199420Z - 39.d
199420 199420Z - 40.d
199420 199420Z - 41.d
199420 199420Z - 42.d
199420 199420Z - 43.d
199420 199420Z - 44.d
199420 199420Z - 45.d
199420 199420Z - 46.d
199420 199420Z - 47.d
199420 199420Z - 48.d
199420 199420Z - 49.d
199420 199420Z - 50.d
199420 199420Z - 51.d
199420 199420Z - 52.d
199420 199420Z - 53.d
199420 199420Z - 54.d
199420 199420Z - 55.d
199420 199420Z - 56.d
199420 199420Z - 57.d
199420 199420Z - 58.d
199420 199420Z - 59.d
199420 199420Z - 60.d
199420 199420Z - 61.d
199420 199420Z - 62.dTa W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Th U Group C Rocktype Rock Unit
361.7 299.9 6.5 9.41 7.59 7.77 0.72 3.22 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
9.38 3.55 4.45 0.73 0.34 0.386 1.5 0.885 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
243.8 1487 3.85 14.7 4 3.8 1.1 29.29 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
252.5 198.8 4.4 21.8 7.15 12.53 75.2 29.37 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
9.06 75.9 2.95 2.17 1.74 1.75 0.32 0.974 7 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
229.4 641.6 311 553 370 379 172.8 329.3 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
132.2 345.5 4.35 61.7 8.13 5.89 36.52 115.6 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
2.61 60 3.3 2.47 2.57 2.55 0.53 0.244 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
119.1 232.9 4.2 0.958 0.098 0.0255 0.0065 2.642 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
8.36 1.55 4.25 0.639 0.209 0.198 0.083 0.939 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
13.05 15.8 4.4 3.1 0.58 0.41 0.3 4.17 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
27.88 31.79 5 0.05 0.0415 0.019 0.034 0.086 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
10.44 21.8 3.95 2.98 2.62 3.02 1.44 0.135 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
8.74 15.15 4.3 0.179 0.165 0.113 0.0055 0.284 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
109.8 97.8 4.3 8.74 0.594 0.0215 0.37 21.78 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
38.32 1.03 3.9 1.68 0.17 0.0205 0.019 4.59 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
64.4 1791 3.55 86.4 10.73 10.6 78.6 153.3 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
108.7 469.9 3.4 29.05 6.34 47.7 475.1 43.5 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
12.05 54.9 3.6 0.311 0.05 0.0295 0.006 0.718 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
120 443 4.25 8.51 2.49 4.4 27.32 11.44 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
224.5 368.5 4 37.44 9.12 9.38 42.1 62.59 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
168.3 308 6.5 3.88 1.71 4.81 61.9 5.48 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
1.73 257 3.2 0.76 0.71 0.72 0.181 0.0236 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
7.65 3 3.8 2.44 1.79 1.66 1.7 1.4 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
106.4 349.3 3.95 15.58 1.43 0.334 0.17 36.94 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
45.32 553 8.9 77.8 8.33 12.68 100.2 132 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
3.22 17.6 4.05 5.72 4.3 4.48 6.9 2.3 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
182.2 69.8 470 212 209 213 11.44 9.47 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
79.53 171.1 105 43.8 42.7 42.6 3.04 4.82 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
10.59 1.39 2.6 0.287 0.06 0.069 0.007 0.649 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
251.6 175.2 19.2 16.45 7.34 8.35 16.84 24.22 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
199.6 117.3 6.1 27.5 4.94 8.75 52.3 35.9 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
18.56 139.9 17 5.79 3.05 3.03 2.84 6.74 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
104.8 43.3 3.85 3.21 0.722 0.811 2.86 5.61 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
61.9 113.4 4.05 0.139 0.055 0.0395 0.005 0.349 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
34.54 66.8 10.6 10.44 1.75 1.59 5.17 10.1 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
25.32 511.6 10.6 6.98 2.31 2.7 11.7 6.23 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
878 577 3.5 36.52 2.56 0.088 0.047 96.7 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
54.38 45.4 17.6 16.17 8.62 8.86 11.9 19.5 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
78.2 108.9 15.9 18.73 7.74 19.56 148.9 19.88 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
10.29 8.26 2.9 5.61 2.98 3.19 5.7 3.49 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian SuperbasinAppendix D J.K. P ORTER 493Appendix D  Table 1 Page 105 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file Mg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf
199420 199420Z - 63.d 517 2058 24150 2.05 2260 37 594800 624.7 294.2 8690 1.15 8 16.2 157.3 186.6 3211 6.44 87.9 50.8 6.05
199420 199420Z - 64.d 442 1007 16620 1.75 354 13.76 597000 1597 1094 2684 0.3 2.42 7.69 3.22 45.4 3094 34.9 224.6 45.6 4.78
199420 199420Z - 65.d 443 2200 18900 2.55 195 7.05 596400 949 554.4 10370 1.28 17.3 6.2 1.1 124 2307 1.73 157.2 4 5.3
199420 199420Z - 66.d 417 406 31300 2 290 8.72 601300 1554 691 1787 0.475 4.11 5.08 4.18 22.58 3296 23 343.8 31.1 2.68
199420 199420Z - 67.d 480.7 429 8290 1.65 640 42.9 601100 1276 836 2336 0.62 3.35 11.4 8.54 420.2 2653 30.8 145.2 33.7 26.9
199420 199420Z - 68.d 336.2 76 7620 1.3 120 3.23 596300 831 323.6 3691 0.35 1.5 3.44 0.108 304.7 218.2 16.9 12.77 0.89 13.6
199420 199420Z - 69.d 517 1870 13270 1.7 110 14.72 595700 105.7 101.1 9880 1 11.6 5.32 10.38 346 1956 17 17.34 81.7 16.24
199420 199420Z - 70.d 387.7 103.1 6740 1.5 130 21.56 599000 1503 320.4 4510 0.49 2.86 7.18 1.56 668 2100 17.66 20.44 7.05 24.75
199420 199420Z - 71.d 335.5 33.3 7310 1.3 130 222.7 593400 1572 145.5 4957 0.185 2.93 3.31 7.88 13.33 4256 0.105 344.2 25.28 2.5
199420 199420Z - 72.d 352 375 9550 1.45 135 2.72 599200 749 680.2 4220 0.225 4.57 3.95 0.087 331.7 365.3 12.55 10.53 0.82 13.93
199420 199420Z - 73.d 561 2070 16610 1.7 130 33.7 595500 980 2223 1676 0.68 4.87 6.13 1.61 11.26 2545 5.33 233.7 81.8 0.61
199420 199420Z - 74.d 630 5960 19600 1.9 280 7.52 592300 617.5 467 8060 2.08 8.7 7.88 4.01 13.98 480.2 0.21 105.6 16 0.78
199420 199420Z - 75.d 686 2030 18400 1.9 960 98 597900 302.2 182 18460 0.62 6.21 63.5 402 3080 3365 26.9 66.3 2475 100.8
199420 199420Z - 76.d 340.2 97.2 7230 1.6 110 1.61 596900 970.1 592.9 2784 0.25 1.4 3.31 0.075 94.4 195.9 2.1 17.28 3.64 4.87
199420 199420Z - 77.d 401.6 819 7760 1.6 125 64 593200 597.9 305.3 1640 0.24 2.41 6.75 1.28 185.4 1310 0.48 91.4 6.4 10.84
199420 199420Z - 78.d 650 362 8030 2.2 1290 5.84 598300 535.6 5467 2150 1.26 8.97 28.2 16.65 713 866.5 26.2 153.7 249.1 17.65
199420 199420Z - 79.d 345.1 109 7580 1.8 110 92.7 597300 3097 5434 2350 0.175 5.64 5.6 0.496 48.95 3824 2 352.6 118.1 2.95
199420 199420Z - 80.d 725 3130 21700 1.9 3710 29.6 597000 2152 852 4140 0.75 7.42 6.41 17.09 205.9 1471 2.07 347.7 22.5 6.95
199420 199420Z - 81.d 488 628 9000 1.75 150 11.87 595100 1537 1843 387 0.63 2.29 4.58 1.85 24.34 1231 21.3 145.2 37.9 2.6
199420 199420Z - 82.d 360 620 10770 2.15 308 527 595900 458.4 960 1780 0.285 3.58 3.51 23.3 660 1600 0.001 13.99 0.37 20
199420 199420Z - 83.d 611 812 10320 2.25 758 61.7 594600 1932 2442 3187 0.41 2.93 21.9 40.53 256.5 1784 11.94 193.8 32.2 10.69
199420 199420Z - 84.d 506 2610 13480 2.65 779 44.6 597100 410.7 114.5 8200 0.26 8.29 6.64 194.9 158.2 3453 3.06 180.7 3.3 6.12
199420 199420Z - 85.d 337.6 35.8 8370 2.3 105 1.63 599100 602 374.3 3789 0.47 1.67 3.3 0.24 91.5 100.9 2.37 7.17 0.7 5.45
199420 199420Z - 86.d 486 1449 16300 1.95 145 5.95 601000 155.4 143.1 5780 0.25 1.67 3.89 4.43 17.76 3352 57.5 55.1 110.4 2.05
199420 199420Z - 87.d 757 4600 30300 2.55 970 64.4 591000 1997 1147 3190 1.04 7.03 8.85 21.8 288 1256 12.17 153.6 87.7 9.63
199420 199420Z - 88.d 543 1300 11800 2.45 413 35.6 593500 438.2 889 6490 0.82 3.54 5.83 27.8 171.9 903 24 70.5 55.3 7.52
199420 199420Z - 89.d 384 83.9 8140 2.3 1170 2.3 596300 85 255.4 4310 0.17 10.3 79 17.5 465 1436 15.53 19.46 33.3 16.74
199420 199420Z - 90.d 908 3130 18000 3 810 61.2 597000 957 1047 5590 1.54 4.84 12.8 55.2 57.82 1146 14.46 92.7 40.4 2.42
199420 199420Z - 91.d 344.6 151 7380 2.3 120 2.92 592300 967 2376 1820 0.16 5.21 3.37 0.167 170.3 31.9 5.04 9.04 1.06 9.09
199420 199420Z - 92.d 433 1050 15530 2.4 150 26.7 595600 627.9 854.8 2690 0.92 6.24 5.07 1.11 212.4 3157 0.036 55.8 0.5 20.95
199420 199420Z - 93.d 391 177 7340 2.55 583 9.82 597800 1996 2155 923 0.79 3 8.5 16.18 5.26 830.9 0.59 301.2 14.44 0.52
199420 199420Z - 94.d 465 743 7480 4.7 120 10.94 595400 1675 2037 1421 0.64 2.64 3.84 1.08 16.71 2771 15.3 282 34.2 2.1
199420 199420Z - 95.d 501 1010 8080 6.2 480 80.3 594500 231 201.2 6210 0.51 5.9 5.11 7.87 25.21 8643 0.075 347.7 0.09 3.04
199420 199420Z - 96.d 335.8 148 7800 2.1 510 9.54 597200 1066 486.5 2140 0.225 3.43 3.43 3.2 106.8 390.8 1.87 37.8 0.64 5.53
199420 199420Z - 97.d 646 2942 12850 2.55 610 41.9 597000 904.8 666 4390 0.53 4.83 11 58.9 284 3298 9.14 130.5 85.3 5.9
199420 199420Z - 98.d 671 3820 26900 4.4 623 36.2 596000 1929 822 7300 1.45 11.5 9.68 52.8 715 2730 47.9 436.2 9.22 26.2
199420 199420Z - 99.d 330.3 9.4 6800 4.6 95 60 594800 1376 4092 3178 0.24 1.11 2.72 0.81 59.95 1434 2.26 661.3 62.3 3.73
199420 199420Z - 100.d 1325 7640 23700 3.25 125 32.4 596900 388.4 367.8 2051 2.72 3.99 10.7 34.4 353 2272 4.25 280.4 41.4 20.6
199423 199423Z - 1.d 270.4 90.1 750 0.85 70 219 607400 1362 611.1 979 0.65 3.11 6.5 0.422 90.18 1335 0.08 291.6 26.29 4.45
199423 199423Z - 2.d 274.9 90 310 1.2 50 2.77 601900 2999 804.9 1026 0.36 3.11 6.4 0.45 1070 4016 99.3 44.3 0.09 81.2
199423 199423Z - 3.d 263.4 22.4 355 1.05 65 95.5 603100 1994 617 785 0.14 2.76 4.23 2.8 870 275.1 0.219 466 0.626 22.6494 J.K. P ORTERAppendix D  Table 1 Page 106 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file
199420 199420Z - 63.d
199420 199420Z - 64.d
199420 199420Z - 65.d
199420 199420Z - 66.d
199420 199420Z - 67.d
199420 199420Z - 68.d
199420 199420Z - 69.d
199420 199420Z - 70.d
199420 199420Z - 71.d
199420 199420Z - 72.d
199420 199420Z - 73.d
199420 199420Z - 74.d
199420 199420Z - 75.d
199420 199420Z - 76.d
199420 199420Z - 77.d
199420 199420Z - 78.d
199420 199420Z - 79.d
199420 199420Z - 80.d
199420 199420Z - 81.d
199420 199420Z - 82.d
199420 199420Z - 83.d
199420 199420Z - 84.d
199420 199420Z - 85.d
199420 199420Z - 86.d
199420 199420Z - 87.d
199420 199420Z - 88.d
199420 199420Z - 89.d
199420 199420Z - 90.d
199420 199420Z - 91.d
199420 199420Z - 92.d
199420 199420Z - 93.d
199420 199420Z - 94.d
199420 199420Z - 95.d
199420 199420Z - 96.d
199420 199420Z - 97.d
199420 199420Z - 98.d
199420 199420Z - 99.d
199420 199420Z - 100.d
199423 199423Z - 1.d
199423 199423Z - 2.d
199423 199423Z - 3.dTa W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Th U Group C Rocktype Rock Unit
169.5 205.2 102 212.2 53.7 70.6 848.3 487.9 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
213.7 447.5 20.9 52.6 8.49 8.03 46.44 90.6 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
102.8 278.3 18 15.37 7.69 8.49 8.97 16.43 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
158.5 438 4.9 9.51 2.27 4.43 35.8 15.63 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
129.9 565 16.4 31.48 7.47 22.86 191.3 46.86 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
11.86 1.85 2.2 1.65 0.134 0.08 0.507 4.38 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
97.9 108.5 20.8 11.77 8.52 10.09 16.4 6.56 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
141.1 40 3.3 9.81 1.92 1.48 2.707 18.55 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
433.2 35.3 3.25 2.59 0.88 1.242 8.26 4.53 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
30.02 96.4 2.7 2.42 0.81 0.72 0.172 4.57 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
106.4 651 3.65 7 3.05 6.6 42.76 8.61 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
19.59 807 11.2 6.75 3.05 3.96 23.14 9.15 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
189.3 1572 316 509 205.6 219.5 673 816 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
10.58 83.1 2.2 0.173 0.05 0.099 0.08 0.108 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
113.4 72 17.3 19.87 14.74 17.4 32.79 11.68 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
42.89 399.4 9.6 85.8 14.3 29.96 226.8 140.9 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
134.3 400 2.6 9.45 1.47 1.02 1.84 21.74 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
76.2 319 22.1 44 24.62 30.22 116.3 44.2 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
73.82 107.6 2.3 23.29 3.92 5.11 27.83 43.22 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
102.7 22.9 2.75 5 3.26 3.9 7.8 4.2 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
102.1 164.6 125.8 170.6 119 166.9 593.2 115.7 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
191.3 2800 10.1 9.39 6.23 8.94 40.5 8.51 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
4.88 0.358 3 0.084 0.06 0.066 0.099 0.0075 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
183.7 82.1 2.7 6.76 0.87 1.837 14.17 11.83 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
117.2 316 10.7 80.4 15.19 17.78 151.6 146.2 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
32.12 274 9.1 72.2 13.57 28.16 192.8 116.7 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
65.38 23.86 14.7 137 22.5 18.5 45.7 247.4 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
49.74 667 55.1 160.6 62.7 79.9 263.8 206.1 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
1.21 29.9 2 1.57 1.43 1.37 0.63 0.796 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
145.4 210.1 2.3 1.64 1.35 1.87 9.3 0.542 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
45.81 105.9 8.3 13.09 7.37 15.99 106.7 12.99 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
142.9 317 2.25 2.98 1.03 1.365 4.64 4.66 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
455.6 2397 2.45 9.06 4.54 6.9 18.23 6.37 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
36.56 13.94 2.5 0.587 0.262 0.312 0.576 0.685 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
137.8 1050 19.7 73.4 30.7 51.3 254.7 83 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
115.9 500 9.5 17.98 11.1 24.65 158.4 12.13 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
94.6 834 1.8 11.67 0.89 0.185 1.95 30.65 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
110.1 572.4 61.6 129.4 84.3 113.1 324.2 109.2 8 sandstone Amadeus Basin, Centralian Superbasin
68.15 81.1 1.6 2.1 0.568 0.49 0.667 3.384 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
163.8 316.8 2 31.22 2.66 0.84 0.091 74.9 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
27.37 14.8 2.1 7.69 0.75 0.298 0.21 19.85 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1Appendix D J.K. P ORTER 495Appendix D  Table 1 Page 107 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file Mg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf
199423 199423Z - 4.d 269 34.5 360 3.69 75 8.17 601800 2095 1365 349 0.065 1.63 4.23 0.124 1056 2175 28.21 40.93 0.07 54.43
199423 199423Z - 5.d 268.4 23.6 710 3.37 55 17.7 608300 4203 1432 85.6 0.095 2.1 3.77 0.103 989 993 22.76 33.93 0.195 42.96
199423 199423Z - 6.d 298 213 640 3.19 70 26.65 607600 836 353 1926 0.64 4.56 9.03 0.451 1293 3231 3.08 105.3 0.394 63.5
199423 199423Z - 7.d 292.4 685 345 3.05 90 23.26 605600 215.5 30.6 3826 0.08 1.52 4.36 90 204.6 8373 2.44 439.7 0.812 19.63
199423 199423Z - 8.d 372 900 2330 32.8 95 16.33 605000 599.7 474.4 11180 4 21.7 11.1 0.748 120.2 11650 0.99 183.3 3.55 6.67
199423 199423Z - 9.d 278.7 29.6 225 3.53 75 3.61 607200 3234 984.4 439 0.085 1.71 4.24 0.12 950 532 78.6 965 0.07 34.61
199423 199423Z - 10.d 279.4 32.3 310 3.74 80 8.16 600300 3265 1036 712 0.31 4.68 7.04 4.5 1951 1915 25.03 25.33 0.12 95.6
199423 199423Z - 11.d 281.9 145 300 3.19 60 19.41 600700 444.4 3283 867 0.115 1.87 3.97 0.79 207 4732 0.238 134.3 9.18 10.47
199423 199423Z - 12.d 283.8 20.9 390 3.05 70 4.2 602200 1187 243.9 1194 0.14 1.97 4.59 0.194 1516 1695 40.8 66 0.07 44.3
199423 199423Z - 13.d 626 1731 18500 2.37 198 10.99 601600 678.5 276.8 3550 0.14 1.23 6.26 64 67.5 4249 6.34 115.8 64.5 5.95
199423 199423Z - 14.d 273.6 22.17 265 2.68 70 5 604800 991 1517 1236 0.065 1.24 3.69 0.183 1097 1338 30.51 108.9 0.388 35.45
199423 199423Z - 15.d 270.6 43.1 255 2.08 60 29.58 603700 1334 138.6 1282 0.13 1.35 3.37 0.123 317 793.1 4.95 116.7 0.055 15.92
199423 199423Z - 16.d 268.1 174.4 950 1.15 95 74.5 602100 3043 2083 2845 0.16 1.72 4.84 0.141 752.4 11065 18.17 146.3 0.851 50.3
199423 199423Z - 17.d 272.9 0.85 650 1.2 85 17.6 608500 9699 995.9 31.6 0.145 1.5 4.09 0.081 559.3 2998 0.27 529.9 0.787 28.19
199423 199423Z - 18.d 277.2 261.2 1090 1.96 55 29.53 605900 2971 1361 1147 0.145 2.24 4.92 0.92 700 5231 2.37 181.6 1.2 26.5
199423 199423Z - 19.d 273.2 42.4 630 1.98 65 3.69 598100 5258 1133.9 1700 2.93 4.1 10.1 0.166 1841 2093 94.8 365.2 0.047 91.7
199423 199423Z - 20.d 458 284 1850 4.09 212 1.86 604400 1016 2061 1950 7.5 18.4 15.2 0.83 164.5 366.6 16.24 39.6 1 10.98
199423 199423Z - 21.d 271.3 39.3 220 1.81 70 3.35 601400 789.6 454.4 1332 0.095 2.17 4.07 0.13 106.1 278.5 1.48 30.05 0.91 3.44
199423 199423Z - 22.d 270.1 17.6 390 2.23 80 13.53 603700 3335 1125 862 0.105 1.62 4 0.114 893.6 2544 6.87 63 1.6 52.5
199423 199423Z - 23.d 268.4 33.8 395 1.05 60 7.38 604500 4108 1205 1876 0.145 1.51 3.7 0.089 3937 2109 150.7 298.1 0.613 122.4
199423 199423Z - 24.d 272.3 26.4 290 1.82 60 2.81 605300 933.1 1.35 4083 0.1 1.45 4.02 0.09 102.09 290.3 3.9 21.88 2.29 4.17
199423 199423Z - 25.d 267 31.5 380 2.47 65 35.44 600300 5730 311.3 26.5 0.075 1.49 4.11 0.097 427.8 2004 0.0195 496 1.12 24.22
199423 199423Z - 26.d 270.4 289.6 540 2 70 7.43 606600 2621 1441 785 0.105 1.59 4.51 0.103 3502 3900 194.2 14.55 0.08 130
199423 199423Z - 27.d 297.6 710 1680 1.1 70 16.07 603700 550 704.7 6431 0.28 3.41 6.77 0.56 531 6377 26.51 811 2.21 28.4
199423 199423Z - 28.d 265 95.5 330 1.75 60 3.36 608500 3680 1005.4 3670 0.77 2.79 6.01 0.133 1343 2047 39.75 321.5 0.384 65.27
199423 199423Z - 29.d 296.7 82 350 13.6 1610 19.57 608700 1107 899 1836 0.075 4.68 8.9 0.81 24.21 2053 0.5 239.6 11.9 1.76
199423 199423Z - 30.d 291.3 154 920 2.44 48 24.75 603200 1766 841.6 274 0.13 1.52 3.91 0.17 113.2 1290 2.20 104.5 0.606 7.26
199423 199423Z - 31.d 626 2150 5420 2.41 343 8.46 603200 1009 1606 2910 3.6 10.68 31.1 82.9 493 3524 66.5 60.4 85.6 25.41
199423 199423Z - 32.d 273.3 80.9 880 0.95 80 2.08 605500 1891 394.6 255 0.24 2.93 4.38 0.113 1240 2349 20.11 15.27 0.055 75.42
199423 199423Z - 33.d 280 85 1600 1.05 80 4.04 600500 4333 1110 241 0.46 6.5 10 9.7 2760 1335 51.1 30.76 0.269 76.9
199423 199423Z - 34.d 275.5 313.5 350 1.2 75 64.64 608800 2051 1008.8 2014 0.105 1.39 4.39 0.08 554.4 6472 4.35 184.6 0.08 27.94
199423 199423Z - 35.d 270.3 47.7 260 1.97 65 174.2 605300 953 6200 5090 0.115 1.74 4.41 0.082 641.2 1272 69.3 737 38 30.46
199423 199423Z - 36.d 273.3 126 265 3.56 65 3.43 608400 2860 1019 519 0.81 1.66 3.99 0.079 2269 1072.2 36.3 27.38 0.065 73.11
199423 199423Z - 37.d 366 421 1440 2.47 70 53.91 605500 5845 966.2 314 0.63 5.95 9.6 0.234 300.1 2225 1.22 691 18.36 17.47
199423 199423Z - 38.d 291.8 139 950 2.01 80 86.2 597500 3141 1527 910 1.27 16.7 13 16 1110 3122 3.7 564 1.39 48
199423 199423Z - 39.d 272.1 47.2 590 1.92 50 4.84 610200 3122 1264 264 0.0345 1.37 3.7 0.079 1660 1776 9.81 15.57 0.573 75.4
199423 199423Z - 40.d 272.3 53.7 830 1.05 60 224.4 605300 2683 1246 470 0.09 2.16 4.79 1.38 2580 1942 24.59 118.3 0.055 93
199423 199423Z - 41.d 740 589 3550 2.45 219 12.13 607300 293.7 1958 1780 2.89 2.58 34.3 36.2 1179 2358 0.74 25.49 3.42 70
199423 199423Z - 42.d 298.3 440 2200 0.9 577 44.9 602500 138.7 35.1 5620 1.03 2.34 15 143 714 5466 0.072 172 128.1 92.9
199423 199423Z - 43.d 280.8 71.4 870 2.08 65 11.45 608500 322.6 294.1 5637 0.13 3.16 10.57 6.83 233 6100 14.71 248.7 226.2 10.24
199423 199423Z - 44.d 307 188 425 1.05 75 7.35 603400 2851 845.3 1279 0.66 10.9 8.8 0.171 1398 1884 19.85 67.9 0.065 57.1496 J.K. P ORTERAppendix D  Table 1 Page 108 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file
199423 199423Z - 4.d
199423 199423Z - 5.d
199423 199423Z - 6.d
199423 199423Z - 7.d
199423 199423Z - 8.d
199423 199423Z - 9.d
199423 199423Z - 10.d
199423 199423Z - 11.d
199423 199423Z - 12.d
199423 199423Z - 13.d
199423 199423Z - 14.d
199423 199423Z - 15.d
199423 199423Z - 16.d
199423 199423Z - 17.d
199423 199423Z - 18.d
199423 199423Z - 19.d
199423 199423Z - 20.d
199423 199423Z - 21.d
199423 199423Z - 22.d
199423 199423Z - 23.d
199423 199423Z - 24.d
199423 199423Z - 25.d
199423 199423Z - 26.d
199423 199423Z - 27.d
199423 199423Z - 28.d
199423 199423Z - 29.d
199423 199423Z - 30.d
199423 199423Z - 31.d
199423 199423Z - 32.d
199423 199423Z - 33.d
199423 199423Z - 34.d
199423 199423Z - 35.d
199423 199423Z - 36.d
199423 199423Z - 37.d
199423 199423Z - 38.d
199423 199423Z - 39.d
199423 199423Z - 40.d
199423 199423Z - 41.d
199423 199423Z - 42.d
199423 199423Z - 43.d
199423 199423Z - 44.dTa W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Th U Group C Rocktype Rock Unit
131.3 277.9 2.2 12.34 0.9 0.105 0.0055 32.04 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
32.28 60 1.9 9.7 1.12 0.503 0.13 24.62 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
204.4 508 2.55 13.58 1.28 0.537 0.71 34.25 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
506.9 307.8 2.5 7.73 2.19 3.98 5.74 4.32 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
1218 226.7 6.7 9.15 6.22 6.14 0.299 5.338 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
12.35 5.03 1.9 6.92 0.462 0.017 0.00425 18.46 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
146.1 266.2 2.25 4 0.99 0.82 0.131 7.14 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
260 137.3 2.4 7.51 0.563 0.203 0.77 18.47 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
73.35 5.66 2 1.9 0.356 0.309 0.0121 3.93 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
159.6 497.9 39.4 59.2 37.86 45.89 98.82 45.88 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
27.21 18.08 1.75 7.42 0.665 0.154 0.006 19.7 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
23.45 256.7 1.6 2.07 0.152 0.019 0.0179 5.169 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
282.5 916.2 2.65 2.95 0.229 0.0275 0.241 6.86 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
171 572.6 2.65 70.6 4.71 0.0215 0.0189 160.7 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
155.9 360.9 2.3 8.4 0.88 0.492 0.234 16.57 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
195.2 267.5 2.3 21.98 1.483 0.165 0.0212 60.18 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
12.6 133 5.5 6 4.36 4.59 1.59 1.86 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
15.62 10.03 2.05 0.293 0.22 0.191 0.019 0.209 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
43.53 719.2 2.5 6.37 0.417 0.016 0.0263 17.45 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
86.21 631.4 2.1 48.14 3.14 0.0155 0.00 128 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
11.67 3.65 2.1 0.417 0.027 0.0185 0.0026 1.161 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
108.5 355.9 2.2 67.2 4.74 0.02 0.00325 154 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
135.2 99.5 2.1 29.38 1.98 0.0235 0.00375 81.47 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
843 5491 3.05 76.7 5.38 0.28 0.433 191.4 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
71.62 150.2 1.7 24.98 1.86 0.303 0.135 68.68 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
120.2 103.8 1.75 2.75 0.404 0.309 0.7 6.63 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
79.5 138 2.45 2.34 0.281 0.158 0.151 4.381 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
121.1 403 32.3 63.3 35.4 78.3 762 64.87 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
103.69 319 2.4 16.62 1.33 0.092 0.0055 30.92 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
52.85 62 2.1 8.6 1.61 1.09 0.68 16 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
489 486.5 2 4.88 0.23 0.02 0.0033 14.38 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
94.27 4222 1.5 93.8 5.93 0.052 0.00335 260.4 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
29.04 47.35 3 2.78 0.146 0.023 0.0046 7.94 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
186.6 920 2.35 10.04 1.44 0.97 0.827 21.03 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
182.4 843 1.7 21.9 4.04 3.12 1.21 43.8 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
53.02 33.76 1.85 6.29 0.382 0.022 0.0034 18.3 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
107.3 345.1 1.85 63 4.3 0.32 0.35 143.5 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
95.48 1183 2.3 35.8 7.04 7.14 15.8 23.3 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
983.8 33.7 36.1 37 34 35.1 3.15 4.27 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
158.3 534.2 7.3 83.8 9.32 4.09 1.017 162.9 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
71.3 59.6 2.75 5.68 1.63 1.45 0.075 9.31 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1Appendix D J.K. P ORTER 497Appendix D  Table 1 Page 109 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file Mg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf
199423 199423Z - 45.d 357 212 1100 0.95 70 7.65 606100 690.9 130.9 6060 1.49 3.93 24.1 0.321 352 3399 37.2 103 12.96 16.36
199423 199423Z - 46.d 272.8 116.9 790 2.11 47.5 8.8 609800 1887 171.9 1279 0.09 1.5 4.38 0.11 5286 3594 119.6 103.5 0.07 174.1
199423 199423Z - 47.d 487 2390 4900 2.12 173 27.9 604500 68.1 15.9 1690 1.08 6.2 18.1 3.7 220 2484 0.065 66.1 0.244 7.8
199423 199423Z - 48.d 762 7040 21170 5.63 80 41.4 603500 1452 3343 935 0.56 1.98 6.19 3.36 58.04 2271 4.84 154.2 2.08 7.37
199423 199423Z - 49.d 1374 2830 24500 2.26 470 29.68 602600 53.9 29 5700 6.28 4.65 15.2 7.03 258 372.4 0.0215 1.27 0.286 7
199423 199423Z - 50.d 272.3 59.6 300 2.51 70 4.71 606500 1865 188.7 1499 0.105 2.34 3.79 0.112 3177 1863 79.4 240.2 0.145 91
199423 199423Z - 51.d 273.6 83.1 270 1.97 65 5 610400 3131 200.8 589 0.68 4.02 4.93 0.115 1358 605 34.96 9.46 0.0385 63.08
199423 199423Z - 52.d 260.2 11.97 690 0.95 85 2.42 601200 6556 2291 331 0.07 1.27 3.67 0.073 926.3 2030 43.6 47.4 0.115 48.8
199423 199423Z - 53.d 276.2 28.6 570 2.35 75 141.2 608500 15490 2778 310 0.13 1.36 3.98 0.079 657.4 11720 14.28 215.7 2.32 46.94
199423 199423Z - 54.d 293.2 61.5 1050 2.88 95 6.1 607500 1123 400.9 4013 0.8 6.26 10.5 0.114 535 3233 15.28 371 3.78 23.16
199423 199423Z - 55.d 285.5 66.5 1300 3.17 80 5.51 607000 2674 837.3 617 0.18 2.55 6 13.7 1680 1709 42.3 59.4 0.075 54.8
199423 199423Z - 56.d 276.6 414.7 870 1.63 55 263 606100 1956 43.4 1283 0.16 1.42 4.03 5.2 993 2489 78.2 431 0.075 61.92
199423 199423Z - 57.d 356 491 27400 1.15 85 24.16 606000 1787 795.4 1360 1.88 15 17.7 0.83 300.4 3962 0.147 260.5 0.167 16.22
199423 199423Z - 58.d 281.4 48.8 265 2.41 60 33.63 607800 2448 184 973 0.125 1.63 4.88 0.088 1015.2 1673 44.6 34.98 0.075 42.34
199423 199423Z - 59.d 295.7 311 970 2.31 90 15.47 602900 1850 469.5 2510 1.66 10.7 11.6 2.3 1450 5352 22.1 39.6 0.68 51.7
199423 199423Z - 60.d 280.9 164.1 330 0.85 65 11.27 603100 1088 454 834 0.11 1.57 4.01 0.089 976.7 3339 52.5 20.33 0.085 42.67
199423 199423Z - 61.d 283.2 49.6 330 1.05 70 14.13 608300 5754 1477 4940 1.71 4.98 26.3 0.271 5885 1852 16.11 73.6 0.67 200.3
199423 199423Z - 62.d 3610 4130 7210 0.75 75 73.3 605500 791.2 453 2146 0.68 3.33 14 0.331 98.1 1881 0.128 252.8 1.35 6.07
199423 199423Z - 63.d 292.9 199 2900 2.17 60 366.3 605100 3017 1728 639 1.53 5.22 8.08 0.323 1679 3410 0.68 511.3 0.41 75.4
199423 199423Z - 64.d 281.9 36 395 1.2 80 57.91 608900 1781 1315 1292 0.27 2.78 4.77 0.101 83.46 419.1 11.36 546.9 2.2 1.53
199423 199423Z - 65.d 314.8 176 1620 1 75 108.1 608500 3611 1700 195 0.2 5.2 7.52 0.26 713.3 1486 0.09 301.3 0.155 31.33
199423 199423Z - 66.d 287.6 170 1170 1.2 85 5.19 604600 3629 937.1 552 4 20 8.92 0.444 1939 1471 8.2 255.9 0.495 86.7
199423 199423Z - 67.d 274.8 13.79 930 0.6 75 92.6 605500 161.7 107.9 3478 0.11 1.59 3.35 0.113 32.54 7775 3.76 60.9 0.055 3.69
199423 199423Z - 68.d 275.7 209 520 2.2 80 7.12 603100 1788 818 1164 0.09 1.49 4.31 0.086 1400 2235 22.22 45.7 0.123 73.1
199423 199423Z - 69.d 275.8 108.5 325 1.9 80 138.1 606900 6017 1241 250 0.17 1.93 5 0.193 767.2 2512 0.91 460.3 1.71 37.14
199423 199423Z - 70.d 279.6 117.9 195 3.55 70 7.13 604100 2623 1594 740 0.06 1.66 4.32 0.8 1824 1986 102.6 21.7 0.177 73.6
199423 199423Z - 71.d 273.2 54.5 310 2.49 70 29.96 604600 708.9 1050.2 3597 0.1 1.41 3.73 0.083 296.7 3310 3.18 157.1 0.88 11.79
199423 199423Z - 72.d 280.6 37.8 300 2.97 65 66.7 606900 2547 3353 1184 0.115 1.58 4.07 0.132 1155 6240 10.89 143.8 0.09 59.8
199423 199423Z - 73.d 278.7 169.2 275 2.81 65 9.05 607100 2848 1062 1083 0.15 1.37 3.92 0.092 1632 2547 88.2 83 0.065 76.87
199423 199423Z - 74.d 322.9 300 900 2.38 95 21.67 603000 2515 1282 2109 1.29 4.78 11.3 11.1 1328 4749 40.3 45.23 0.294 70.8
199423 199423Z - 75.d 280.8 167 270 1.8 75 42.47 607900 1044 338.4 1119 0.08 1.31 3.58 0.114 552.9 1302.4 4.72 483.9 4.72 33.51
199423 199423Z - 76.d 303.2 150 370 2.65 60 28.84 605400 2294 887.8 813 0.95 4.26 7.6 2.84 721.2 1341 3.62 45.76 1.27 30.44
199423 199423Z - 77.d 268.8 73.2 710 0.95 65 6.06 609000 2841 554.8 1351 0.1 1.09 3.81 0.077 2891 1574 223.1 97.9 0.393 121.6
199423 199423Z - 78.d 275.9 74.4 960 1.73 70 6.27 607100 2373 2223 1217 0.78 2.8 5.28 0.291 316.8 819.7 6.66 15.49 0.271 13.11
199423 199423Z - 79.d 278.4 63.5 1050 2.36 65 4.7 606600 4328 976.8 599 0.165 1.72 4.9 0.065 2117 1972 49.1 81.1 2.13 78
199423 199423Z - 80.d 283.6 578.1 950 0.85 95 48.9 606300 1241 739 5906 0.145 1.58 3.71 0.086 565.9 13110 13.93 97.6 0.502 33.91
199423 199423Z - 81.d 281.7 49.4 365 1.97 75 4.47 602300 2049 2427 2490 0.08 1.22 6.39 0.083 657.9 2369 34.51 79.4 4.4 27.18
199423 199423Z - 82.d 289.3 181 385 1.3 105 4.56 605600 1216 693.9 2265 0.93 11.5 12.1 0.158 604.7 3314 33.2 29.67 1.46 28.46
199423 199423Z - 83.d 276.6 165.4 530 0.75 60 23.38 603100 1166 4853 1329 0.1 1.46 4.05 0.113 272.9 5928 2.11 190.7 5.18 18.21
199423 199423Z - 84.d 285 370 3040 1.61 3370 49.09 605300 258.5 101.9 6234 0.145 1.34 4.74 422 225.2 10648 1.2 443.5 6.88 48.86
199423 199423Z - 85.d 336.5 495 1600 2.94 715 20.6 605200 390.6 122.8 12800 1.23 2.05 11.67 116.2 37.97 3180 20.57 189.1 238.8 2.48498 J.K. P ORTERAppendix D  Table 1 Page 110 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file
199423 199423Z - 45.d
199423 199423Z - 46.d
199423 199423Z - 47.d
199423 199423Z - 48.d
199423 199423Z - 49.d
199423 199423Z - 50.d
199423 199423Z - 51.d
199423 199423Z - 52.d
199423 199423Z - 53.d
199423 199423Z - 54.d
199423 199423Z - 55.d
199423 199423Z - 56.d
199423 199423Z - 57.d
199423 199423Z - 58.d
199423 199423Z - 59.d
199423 199423Z - 60.d
199423 199423Z - 61.d
199423 199423Z - 62.d
199423 199423Z - 63.d
199423 199423Z - 64.d
199423 199423Z - 65.d
199423 199423Z - 66.d
199423 199423Z - 67.d
199423 199423Z - 68.d
199423 199423Z - 69.d
199423 199423Z - 70.d
199423 199423Z - 71.d
199423 199423Z - 72.d
199423 199423Z - 73.d
199423 199423Z - 74.d
199423 199423Z - 75.d
199423 199423Z - 76.d
199423 199423Z - 77.d
199423 199423Z - 78.d
199423 199423Z - 79.d
199423 199423Z - 80.d
199423 199423Z - 81.d
199423 199423Z - 82.d
199423 199423Z - 83.d
199423 199423Z - 84.d
199423 199423Z - 85.dTa W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Th U Group C Rocktype Rock Unit
86.8 235.7 2.1 14.41 2.52 1.694 0.0319 34.01 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
114 141.8 2.55 45.13 3.13 0.0195 0.018 83.83 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
276 139 7.5 6.5 4.8 5.4 8.6 4.3 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
144.3 357.5 2.5 9.35 3.4 21.35 56.97 3.251 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
38.99 35.5 2.35 6.02 4.46 4.03 0.622 3.69 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
73.93 35.91 1.85 16.54 1.214 0.218 0.0255 40.11 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
29.2 96.5 2.5 18.9 1.42 0.372 0.0055 46.88 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
162.4 97.1 2.25 19.92 1.273 0.0185 0.00325 59.08 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
1476 3498 1.7 61.4 3.96 0.029 0.0038 150.1 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
81.9 590 2.1 248.8 32.74 1.02 0.0278 172.5 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
85.98 109.2 2 13.98 1.16 0.4 0.74 35.1 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
109.4 1996 1.9 34.02 2.93 0.021 0.0164 43.73 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
334 426.1 2.35 5.99 2.12 2.29 0.508 7.84 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
45.85 95.1 2.45 10.2 0.793 0.099 0.0028 26.49 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
151.4 128 1.9 13.7 3.45 2.82 0.79 24.4 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
153.3 41.48 2.05 0.682 0.0255 0.018 0.0035 1.897 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
65.86 117 15 41.9 14.9 14.5 0.568 67.34 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
127.6 182.7 1.8 4.9 1.12 1.048 0.552 10.32 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
610.4 1450 1.9 87.9 6.52 1.025 1.082 193.3 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
43.96 155.7 2.85 9.6 0.73 0.167 0.0121 26.35 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
51.97 224.5 1.8 15.95 2.17 1.23 0.109 42.53 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
88.41 303.1 2.25 9.47 1.48 1.04 0.202 19.61 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
187 57 1.7 2.36 2.35 2.219 0.0043 0.0127 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
57.95 242.4 2.15 12.43 0.861 0.017 0.0544 34.49 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
138.3 515.9 2.55 27.42 1.95 0.362 0.507 76.1 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
37.97 4.5 1.85 14.87 1.01 0.13 0.04 37.58 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
108.4 3060 1.85 4.8 0.375 0.101 0.0211 11.83 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
499.3 1327 2.3 11.72 0.771 0.081 0.076 29.48 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
51.53 342.7 2.35 3.05 0.317 0.1 0.0033 8.78 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
316.6 605.8 1.85 34.32 3.46 1.55 0.82 91 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
58.07 1605 1.8 5.66 0.323 0.016 0.049 13.92 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
24.81 105.8 1.6 5.18 1.61 1.68 5 8.35 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
58.15 205.2 3 18.64 1.28 0.022 0.002 52.81 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
1.87 90.4 1.75 5.39 0.738 0.515 0.537 11.91 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
126.7 269.2 2.1 70.5 4.51 0.0165 0.0019 190.9 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
874 3971 1.65 9.11 0.662 0.0295 0.00485 23.49 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
81.01 21.96 2 22.27 1.88 0.055 0.0379 35.77 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
33.24 123.8 6.6 9.41 3.33 3.24 0.106 12.83 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
578.4 1238 2.15 6.03 0.387 0.054 0.191 16.63 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
817.1 316 1.7 5.27 0.568 0.192 0.191 7.25 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
214.9 1006 5.4 17.5 5.58 9.15 56.3 29.56 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1Appendix D J.K. P ORTER 499Appendix D  Table 1 Page 111 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file Mg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf
199423 199423Z - 86.d 395 452 1500 2.48 60 4.99 604300 1599 363.1 2218 2.07 6.77 13.5 1.39 881.3 249.3 32.6 49.16 2.41 26.95
199423 199423Z - 87.d 293 467.1 860 2.69 60 23.37 606600 462.8 180.6 548 0.21 1.71 5.39 0.8 6.58 303.9 3.96 9.14 0.06 0.338
199423 199423Z - 88.d 399.2 326 12400 2.25 379 88.3 607800 467.6 116.3 1544 1.53 2.3 6.47 3.17 198.5 881 0.06 11.66 0.332 7.74
199423 199423Z - 89.d 279.7 67.3 390 0.85 85 3.9 605200 3914 1425 618 0.3 2.29 6.78 0.585 2556 1951 69.2 46.8 0.075 99.6
199423 199423Z - 90.d 288 81 1030 0.9 95 4.63 604300 4244 461.3 437 1.5 16.3 11.1 0.71 1960 475.4 25.7 151.4 0.248 81
199423 199423Z - 91.d 759 1930 8100 1 428 6.2 603800 496.3 25 3390 3.53 33.9 70 30.5 154.9 912 19.96 24.2 14.89 5.03
199423 199423Z - 92.d 348 367 1030 1.2 85 30.5 605700 2851 1835 1269 2.68 6.84 16.8 11.78 661 3746 28 180.2 38.3 40.48
199423 199423Z - 93.d 278.3 19.7 230 1.98 70 135.7 610900 1383 2399 530 0.075 1.64 4.76 0.1 1014 786 6.59 256.1 0.065 42.92
199423 199423Z - 94.d 274.8 242 465 2.87 95 7.22 607000 1950 921.9 1187 0.14 3.37 5.49 0.107 958 2271 73 9.73 0.07 39.81
199423 199423Z - 95.d 287.7 59.7 270 3.17 65 62.1 606000 4914 1151 753 0.47 5.61 8.97 2.89 752 1693 43.8 144.8 0.192 46.32
199423 199423Z - 96.d 274.9 5.88 210 3.49 80 5.32 605200 1220 1055.1 4020 0.09 2.23 4.34 0.24 484 431.6 49.19 17.27 5.95 18.39
199423 199423Z - 97.d 308.6 465 1030 2.18 300 32.81 605300 583.9 100.6 1681 0.185 1.52 4.22 3.35 93.8 1179.3 0.113 191.4 6.67 4.67
199423 199423Z - 98.d 274.6 174.3 320 1.84 70 181 605300 1683 1711 183.8 0.125 1.59 4.23 0.112 751.1 2619 0.048 19.42 0.075 34.41
199423 199423Z - 99.d 281.8 80.4 250 2.03 60 23.89 612000 1470 298.7 1324 0.15 1.81 5.77 0.59 2749 1266.6 31.05 23.14 0.06 127.2
199423 199423Z - 100.d 487 805 3760 2.31 262 99 604600 164.7 23 1590 1.29 8.2 17 3.37 137 1012 0.147 3.33 0.67 3.21
199424 199424Z - 1.d 478 320 910 2.29 70 4.37 601700 1134 959 11190 4.78 4.1 17.7 0.85 2357 1463 26.86 27.78 0.262 72.8
199424 199424Z - 2.d 348.2 760 1310 3.18 95 23.07 599800 787.3 473.5 1216 0.135 1.38 3.3 0.157 148.06 1228 0.91 210.9 0.232 8.66
199424 199424Z - 3.d 275.3 42.1 820 2.47 70 95.2 597900 1765 8.7 3088 0.41 2.31 4.73 9.7 489 767 11.79 198.7 14.62 19.9
199424 199424Z - 4.d 434 1274 1880 3.25 251 33.86 600100 566.7 111 1161 5.97 6.38 10.24 10.55 171.8 845.6 1.82 9.53 15.8 5.34
199424 199424Z - 5.d 337 147.8 345 2.83 175 0.8 603000 337.2 541.2 8390 5.31 3.06 18.6 1.27 74.57 2337 1.01 15.59 136 4.87
199424 199424Z - 6.d 278.2 42.5 280 3.46 75 202.7 602300 7347 2241 254 0.17 1.34 4.17 0.202 1084 2752 10 504 0.442 59.14
199424 199424Z - 7.d 274.5 104.7 370 3.04 65 5.15 601500 4631 1206.7 1817 0.13 2.67 7.48 0.907 1624.8 4016 625.5 142.1 0.055 73.8
199424 199424Z - 8.d 272.5 153.2 245 3.58 55 7.31 600800 2316 1047 938 0.09 1.53 4.37 0.127 2844 2062 97.3 41.1 0.048 107.2
199424 199424Z - 9.d 271 26.4 300 3.24 80 483.4 604600 4365 4647 247 0.26 1.49 4.59 0.102 1495 8907 3.38 87.5 0.075 99.5
199424 199424Z - 10.d 288.6 140.8 450 2.9 90 53.5 603300 1436 6655 6490 2.63 1.6 7.1 0.325 346 2649 27 340.5 30.46 18.79
199424 199424Z - 11.d 276.7 28.5 325 2.51 70 84.2 601300 4874 3743 213 0.22 2.45 5.08 0.97 497.3 2296 0.42 209.5 2.89 34.15
199424 199424Z - 12.d 849 1448 7370 1.25 652 18 606100 497.1 287.5 4416 2.65 3.8 25.1 173.4 48.55 3163 5.38 63.8 101.7 2.27
199424 199424Z - 13.d 263.3 11.31 360 0.9 60 58.4 603600 4547 1573 281 0.105 1.34 3.63 0.086 1083 2447 17.71 171.7 0.075 53.4
199424 199424Z - 14.d 264 146.5 1160 1.88 75 840.5 598400 137.4 38.9 899 0.11 1.74 4.49 0.896 36.3 4104 0.055 57.8 0.1 2.01
199424 199424Z - 15.d 455 3000 4740 1.6 205 48.2 598800 527.8 1761 713 1.09 2.34 4.98 5.3 64.6 2502 6.70 44.6 1.69 9.79
199424 199424Z - 16.d 265.9 59.6 1010 2.39 60 8.23 600200 3524 264.5 224 0.145 1.38 3.63 0.107 874.8 2696 11.88 32.81 0.06 53.03
199424 199424Z - 17.d 272.2 39.8 345 3.58 70 5.28 602600 4157 2939 178 0.31 2.42 4.93 0.111 4132 1198.7 54.5 33.22 0.055 141.2
199424 199424Z - 18.d 277 191.2 255 2.76 85 3.45 603800 1316 680.2 946 0.23 1.58 5.49 0.142 710.6 2577 85.9 42.5 0.048 38.06
199424 199424Z - 19.d 267.3 116.9 860 1.15 80 17.39 599600 1945 424.3 1732 0.105 1.48 4.17 0.076 1352 5062 18.13 20.21 0.085 68.45
199424 199424Z - 20.d 276.9 104.6 680 2.68 85 4.38 598000 2200 1132.8 841 0.12 1.65 4.52 0.103 2154 1677 21.33 7.89 0.06 89.5
199424 199424Z - 21.d 3870 6950 18100 4 1610 65.7 595700 1050 206.5 83000 105.4 102 156.7 118.4 199.8 380.3 4.06 21.95 18.64 6.2
199424 199424Z - 22.d 1559 7940 18400 5.3 1150 53.1 604500 266.4 59.4 27410 9.9 29.2 96.2 380 121.9 21690 1.48 651 7.17 2.99
199424 199424Z - 23.d 284.5 111 830 2.83 60 5.58 600700 1005 766.1 2097 0.099 1.25 4.12 0.287 74.18 1449 1.36 122.1 0.87 3.89
199424 199424Z - 24.d 276 157.2 430 2.96 75 43.78 597200 606.1 997 11050 1.02 1.81 5.89 0.335 451.4 13570 55 5028 9.22 26.87
199424 199424Z - 25.d 268.3 224.5 290 3.02 80 23.12 600800 2415 794.8 1585 0.105 1.41 3.93 0.088 1009 6211 22.82 42.1 0.075 78.2
199424 199424Z - 26.d 752 5040 11000 2.62 462 850 598400 513.4 62.6 3030 3.8 4.26 19.9 81.5 37.8 1320 21.98 289.4 4.66 6.41500 J.K. P ORTERAppendix D  Table 1 Page 112 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file
199423 199423Z - 86.d
199423 199423Z - 87.d
199423 199423Z - 88.d
199423 199423Z - 89.d
199423 199423Z - 90.d
199423 199423Z - 91.d
199423 199423Z - 92.d
199423 199423Z - 93.d
199423 199423Z - 94.d
199423 199423Z - 95.d
199423 199423Z - 96.d
199423 199423Z - 97.d
199423 199423Z - 98.d
199423 199423Z - 99.d
199423 199423Z - 100.d
199424 199424Z - 1.d
199424 199424Z - 2.d
199424 199424Z - 3.d
199424 199424Z - 4.d
199424 199424Z - 5.d
199424 199424Z - 6.d
199424 199424Z - 7.d
199424 199424Z - 8.d
199424 199424Z - 9.d
199424 199424Z - 10.d
199424 199424Z - 11.d
199424 199424Z - 12.d
199424 199424Z - 13.d
199424 199424Z - 14.d
199424 199424Z - 15.d
199424 199424Z - 16.d
199424 199424Z - 17.d
199424 199424Z - 18.d
199424 199424Z - 19.d
199424 199424Z - 20.d
199424 199424Z - 21.d
199424 199424Z - 22.d
199424 199424Z - 23.d
199424 199424Z - 24.d
199424 199424Z - 25.d
199424 199424Z - 26.dTa W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Th U Group C Rocktype Rock Unit
12.52 363 2.7 14.82 1.9 1.299 4.98 31.62 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
11.58 1.8 13.8 11.29 11.01 10.44 0.065 0.693 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
20.6 26.4 10 9.89 9.75 9.61 1.12 0.505 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
107.8 334.2 2.3 17.11 1.9 0.94 0.657 43.11 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
20.85 87 2.3 35.3 5.27 3.39 0.114 74.71 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
14.05 670 14 29.1 13.9 15.7 44.6 35.7 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
64 949 9.6 26.63 8.87 8.14 3.7 44.69 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
35.03 739.2 2.5 23.56 1.6 0.02 0.0272 64.4 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
76.88 6.15 3.7 0.77 0.388 0.367 0.046 1.034 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
54.45 662.9 1.95 30.23 3.52 1.86 8.1 74.93 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
9.35 251.7 2.3 31.81 2.23 0.245 0.0139 83.28 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
88.7 93.9 1.35 1.46 0.882 0.839 0.0219 1.411 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
158.9 187.3 1.9 8.25 0.577 0.063 0.141 22.16 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
33.41 81.9 2.85 9.59 0.654 0.054 0.0038 25.54 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
42.18 402 9.3 10.3 6.86 6.87 1.73 4.35 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Wanna Fm?, Empress 1
54.55 440 2.5 7.74 3.4 3.14 0.57 10.67 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
32.75 535 2.05 2.81 0.552 0.405 0.04 6.37 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
26.58 162.8 2 30.5 2.99 0.363 1.553 32.96 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
71.9 704 45.8 238.5 86.7 72.6 46.7 89.5 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
160.5 704 4.1 5.9 4.92 4.87 0.652 1.223 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
130.7 504.9 1.8 39.38 2.64 0.209 0.41 101.62 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
93.23 83.3 2.25 43.03 3.4 0.516 0.096 114.9 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
51.62 113.4 2.25 16.05 1.174 0.09 0.00225 43.89 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
129.7 1761 2.2 19.63 1.44 0.154 0.0153 42.32 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
166.4 1806 1.55 50.32 5.13 1.8 0.106 109.4 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
183.8 3313 1.5 12.7 1.191 0.395 1.98 26.65 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
192 2650 27.5 75.2 33.48 43.8 135.8 89.5 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
106.4 456 2.3 29.54 1.98 0.075 0.00125 77.55 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
110.1 240.8 1.9 1.91 1.63 1.646 0.259 0.656 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
182.7 226 2.3 16.45 5.28 11.64 28.8 6.4 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
127.8 13.73 1.8 17.1 1.27 0.103 0.038 39.57 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
41.28 48.7 2.25 7.39 0.692 0.202 0.0038 20.33 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
129.1 47.96 2 20.47 1.379 0.094 0.0366 51.96 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
111.8 168 1.95 1.28 0.296 0.182 0.0077 2.79 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
30.26 21.51 1.9 18.31 1.63 0.074 0.00235 19.56 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
13.77 6740 186 227 179.7 186.1 32 67 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
1875 5230 212 264 219.7 230.4 189 93 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
77.6 865 2.05 2.45 0.385 0.303 0.0193 5.54 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
997.5 7373 1.85 76.9 5.66 0.561 0.36 194.8 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
500.5 576.4 2.15 2.29 0.201 0.049 0.00215 6.252 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
116.9 192.3 157.9 181.1 166.5 172.2 12.07 10.21 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1Appendix D J.K. P ORTER 501Appendix D  Table 1 Page 113 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file Mg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf
199424 199424Z - 27.d 274.1 66.4 395 2.94 420 3.45 603700 2625 183.4 381 0.13 1.52 4.55 0.401 682.5 572 1.31 39.5 0.07 28.32
199424 199424Z - 28.d 278.7 145 420 3.9 90 3.73 599900 3079 715.7 1224 0.17 1.98 4.5 0.175 4199 1793 45.6 53.6 0.93 143.8
199424 199424Z - 29.d 288 25.8 370 4.27 60 221.3 604700 1548 137.8 3145 0.11 6.7 4.34 0.147 147.5 3525 2.39 283.9 0.751 17.36
199424 199424Z - 30.d 274.3 209.2 470 1.4 75 84.3 603100 1736 694.2 1832 0.07 1.36 3.58 0.091 770.9 6256 3.31 151.4 0.085 38.08
199424 199424Z - 32.d 300.7 188.1 420 4.58 80 3.86 597900 627.2 26.81 3330 2.15 2.05 9.23 0.296 1737 771.4 0.15 135.3 0.05 71.45
199424 199424Z - 33.d 278.4 36.5 375 2.45 65 1.77 599600 2605 665.8 691 0.35 1.36 4.17 0.093 839 2936 55.3 106.8 0.06 47.87
199424 199424Z - 34.d 360 850 415 2.61 80 21.83 598600 1492 1995 1893 1.95 1.69 6.89 2.13 1880 5904 9.03 48.5 0.15 77.4
199424 199424Z - 35.d 262.8 108.2 255 3.2 65 7.65 606600 4473 602.2 733 0.41 1.5 4.12 0.089 3843 5169 262.8 77.2 0.181 136
199424 199424Z - 36.d 270.8 365.6 315 2.06 75 296.7 600600 3466 1898 7832 0.14 1.67 3.72 0.101 650 25530 6.22 376.1 0.055 47.65
199424 199424Z - 37.d 268.2 76.7 265 1.3 75 147.3 598700 1824.5 1304 1182 0.115 1.33 3.63 24700 246 3135 2.86 311.5 2.58 27.7
199424 199424Z - 38.d 411 201 720 2.26 90 13.64 598300 1349 1106 1680 0.59 2.39 5.51 0.085 196.4 1997 1.85 23.55 0.06 9.27
199424 199424Z - 39.d 262.3 158.9 350 3.79 65 18.28 601300 1636 491 2134 0.17 1.33 3.53 0.083 218.5 3653 4.72 114.7 1.77 12.07
199424 199424Z - 40.d 273.4 85.4 430 3.51 80 58.5 604400 4765 640.5 1052 0.6 2.65 22.4 0.309 782.6 6896 2.23 662.1 0.384 36
199424 199424Z - 41.d 483 1380 4190 4.01 415 87 599800 130.2 23.79 7890 2.19 4.46 16.7 4.07 84.6 1607 1.68 1.38 5.62 2.58
199424 199424Z - 42.d 567 1759 1010 5.4 537 6.13 597700 376.5 203.9 45570 52.1 22.86 63.4 13.65 137.2 200 7.79 18.44 2.53 5.45
199424 199424Z - 43.d 274.1 20.5 470 1.35 90 2.65 600500 783.2 292.7 4340 0.6 1.6 8.24 0.284 483 622 42.8 31.01 55.6 19.8
199424 199424Z - 44.d 275 59.2 580 1.92 65 5.68 603200 2425 785.1 1411 0.11 1.79 4.24 0.176 1738 1962 77.3 15.65 0.08 72.2
199424 199424Z - 45.d 261.3 54.2 810 1.1 80 4.56 602300 3160 1254 338 0.125 1.49 3.62 0.071 1846 2364 33.27 124.7 0.06 73.3
199424 199424Z - 46.d 290.2 210 1050 3.06 70 2.69 603000 2512 1161 3140 0.74 3.77 7.26 0.51 1051 2170 320.7 134.1 0.049 54.43
199424 199424Z - 47.d 265.2 296.6 1090 2.65 75 6.95 600300 3853 1258 868 0.12 1.53 3.82 0.083 1241 9160 55.6 41.1 0.161 72.3
199424 199424Z - 48.d 619 756 1390 4.82 440 19.3 602200 916.4 354.8 3120 0.65 2.49 25.4 24.17 123.5 3755 0.282 222.6 138.8 6.15
199424 199424Z - 49.d 282.5 185.6 480 2.57 85 131.5 603000 1575 408.1 665 0.4 3.47 6.44 0.69 1630 2398 2 45.4 0.19 64.1
199424 199424Z - 50.d 286 134 1000 1.25 85 3.88 603100 2740 1146 1610 0.62 6.9 7.5 0.32 908 1115 21.5 60 0.075 38.7
199424 199424Z - 51.d 274.8 221 820 2.65 50 6.25 598000 2336 658.5 632 0.13 1.3 3.74 0.11 4729 4736 8.42 9.66 0.28 170.7
199424 199424Z - 52.d 494 258 325 3.75 55 7.9 601900 294.1 368.1 6749 0.56 1.39 4.42 0.119 310.4 9165 12.78 309.8 27.64 20.22
199424 199424Z - 53.d 277.8 155.9 340 3.17 60 5.21 597100 2507 699.4 403 0.095 1.28 4.18 0.076 908 1812 14.7 35.8 0.055 42.59
199424 199424Z - 54.d 281.9 103.1 300 3 75 20.4 604300 1915 687.4 1193 0.17 1.72 4.76 0.112 1724 4077 27.43 28.01 1.79 99.2
199424 199424Z - 55.d 277.5 58.5 345 3.64 80 2.61 602900 2414 1734 843 0.12 1.55 3.6 0.094 529.1 1614 20.05 44.3 0.955 55.2
199424 199424Z - 56.d 271.3 76 320 3.17 65 8.7 599400 1738 510.4 835 0.115 1.55 3.64 0.093 2500 2359 24.13 108.8 0.055 98.1
199424 199424Z - 57.d 304 222 1840 1 75 4.7 599700 367.8 486.4 6810 1.13 12.9 9.9 38 1500 6090 5.89 18.91 38.6 50
199424 199424Z - 58.d 291.5 260 370 3.76 80 11.93 602200 1880 497.1 1132 0.18 1.49 4.33 0.338 1048.4 2828 5.7 66.9 0.153 54.7
199424 199424Z - 59.d 370 801 2420 3.07 520 9.67 603400 48.95 61.7 920 0.51 3.07 12.5 0.99 37.6 1041 0.0185 0.456 1.17 1.2
199424 199424Z - 60.d 275.4 128.6 820 1.05 65 10.95 602100 2056 874.2 6188 0.24 1.25 4.25 0.094 1971 12957 97.7 1863 0.055 86.2
199424 199424Z - 61.d 273.9 251.6 395 2.35 75 7.77 602700 1492 557.2 1686 0.28 1.49 3.81 0.277 1494 4406 84 85.3 1.01 70.4
199424 199424Z - 62.d 276.2 332 320 2.66 75 4.75 603000 1290 1389 1919 0.1 1.32 3.37 0.069 1574 190.5 9.89 14.29 0.443 35.92
199424 199424Z - 63.d 269.3 31.1 780 2.79 65 40.16 602900 5040 993.5 579 0.31 1.29 4.18 0.082 536.5 4958 1.46 440.8 0.626 31.86
199424 199424Z - 64.d 374 638 1740 2.75 75 225.4 603100 4981 2542 1136 0.32 4.66 6.03 0.293 828.6 4431 3.12 255.6 0.255 40.03
199424 199424Z - 65.d 273.1 72.9 600 1.99 55 8.78 602000 2644 874.6 1970 0.14 1.47 4.34 0.087 2808 2132 69.5 17.01 0.155 96.6
199424 199424Z - 66.d 277.5 72.7 550 1.7 115 9.65 605900 2679 890.7 2729 0.062 1.58 4.28 0.1 2859 2137 74.6 17.01 0.09 100.8
199424 199424Z - 67.d 276 186.1 230 3.25 65 217.9 603500 1311 873 882 0.24 1.39 3.87 0.087 1025.4 1872 1.82 115.8 0.065 52.48
199424 199424Z - 68.d 267.8 22.87 300 2.66 47 4.81 600300 2064 230.5 1664 0.145 1.48 3.72 0.082 1131 2218 82.3 95.1 0.05 43.64502 J.K. P ORTERAppendix D  Table 1 Page 114 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file
199424 199424Z - 27.d
199424 199424Z - 28.d
199424 199424Z - 29.d
199424 199424Z - 30.d
199424 199424Z - 32.d
199424 199424Z - 33.d
199424 199424Z - 34.d
199424 199424Z - 35.d
199424 199424Z - 36.d
199424 199424Z - 37.d
199424 199424Z - 38.d
199424 199424Z - 39.d
199424 199424Z - 40.d
199424 199424Z - 41.d
199424 199424Z - 42.d
199424 199424Z - 43.d
199424 199424Z - 44.d
199424 199424Z - 45.d
199424 199424Z - 46.d
199424 199424Z - 47.d
199424 199424Z - 48.d
199424 199424Z - 49.d
199424 199424Z - 50.d
199424 199424Z - 51.d
199424 199424Z - 52.d
199424 199424Z - 53.d
199424 199424Z - 54.d
199424 199424Z - 55.d
199424 199424Z - 56.d
199424 199424Z - 57.d
199424 199424Z - 58.d
199424 199424Z - 59.d
199424 199424Z - 60.d
199424 199424Z - 61.d
199424 199424Z - 62.d
199424 199424Z - 63.d
199424 199424Z - 64.d
199424 199424Z - 65.d
199424 199424Z - 66.d
199424 199424Z - 67.d
199424 199424Z - 68.dTa W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Th U Group C Rocktype Rock Unit
14.31 7.54 2.35 1.7 0.162 0.092 0.02 4.06 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
86.46 88 2.1 55.9 5.12 0.215 0.0107 61 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
300 3.96 2.55 78.6 12.3 4.55 14.52 47.39 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
469 1176.5 1.9 9.6 0.85 0.02 0.0032 11.59 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
39.87 7.48 1.4 11.99 1.67 1.044 0.0282 26.25 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
179.2 13.85 1.95 28.83 2.55 0.0165 0.0021 31.37 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
888.6 391.3 2.15 25.3 7.1 2.88 0.005 13.4 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
313.1 339.8 1.8 21.61 1.39 0.0205 0.0036 56.98 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
3951 2497 2.1 10.87 0.74 0.0265 0.0044 25.74 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
449.1 262.1 1.7 810 134 17.5 65 610 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
72.1 11.16 1.7 1.67 0.19 0.038 0.00205 1.948 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
150 140.1 1.8 2.6 0.196 0.023 0.00235 7.35 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
797.2 1408 6.4 22.29 6.16 5 0.245 37.05 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
82.1 386.3 11.3 17.3 11.7 11.9 1.1 9.2 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
14.96 2640 93.1 98.5 90.1 93.8 4.27 7.82 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
30.81 159.8 2.05 5.24 2.45 2.57 0.0317 5.91 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
65.8 45.5 2.1 8.42 0.656 0.105 0.069 22.4 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
118.5 1707 1.85 22.76 1.52 0.057 0.00355 59.54 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
97.1 40.7 2.05 15.29 2.95 2.44 0.255 30.97 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
783.6 524 2.15 9.03 0.584 0.056 0.0043 25.51 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
111.6 1146 92.8 124 93.4 97.4 53.19 64.94 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
138.3 355.4 2.45 9.52 1.23 0.722 0.321 23.25 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
22.7 63 1.75 41.4 5.39 1.89 0.056 40.8 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
328.4 498.1 2.15 30.64 2.81 0.056 0.00265 33.2 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
343 717 1.65 63.8 4.19 0.107 0.11 147.6 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
79.27 61.57 1.7 13 0.916 0.0175 0.00335 32.82 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
154.8 51.7 1.9 3.24 0.275 0.057 0.0042 8.8 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
100.3 219.7 2.65 32.53 3.09 0.098 0.0069 33.97 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
169.6 496.3 2 25.13 1.66 0.1 0.0041 67.38 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
324.7 366 4.4 5.1 3.22 3.53 2.7 6.2 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
124.7 338.1 2.25 7.82 0.667 0.17 0.0259 20.3 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
69.07 3210 4 5.85 3.85 4.23 1.34 4.49 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
2753 2041 2.1 5.28 0.463 0.112 0.00335 13.12 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
225.3 234.5 2.35 10.4 0.826 0.121 0.187 27.62 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
9.44 3.12 1.95 0.611 0.167 0.09 0.0047 0.596 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
248.1 1477 2.25 14.89 1.131 0.087 0.0047 36.05 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
250.9 853.3 1.85 14.58 1.4 0.533 0.49 38.11 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
83.53 93.5 1.65 12.46 0.932 0.166 0.0036 34.59 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
85.04 94.9 2.8 14.5 1.69 0.91 0.0055 35.22 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
26.39 554.1 2 17.1 1.269 0.104 0.0123 48.27 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
11.78 15.79 2.05 16.7 1.18 0.078 0.0023 45.25 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1Appendix D J.K. P ORTER 503Appendix D  Table 1 Page 115 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file Mg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf
199424 199424Z - 69.d 272.7 56.9 375 0.85 65 99.7 604700 1911 4387 1935 0.2 1.35 4 0.161 292.2 2203 54.3 448.6 3.52 21.7
199424 199424Z - 70.d 272.3 138 480 1.1 65 6.75 602600 2066 776.7 983 0.169 1.29 3.74 0.088 1219 2233 33.69 141.9 0.085 60.6
199424 199424Z - 71.d 358 402 18800 3.78 299 48.05 598400 302.9 349.9 3052 0.77 4.74 10.2 190.9 48.7 1252.4 0.39 79.6 31.6 1.83
199424 199424Z - 72.d 293.9 467.1 390 2.88 65 252.5 605700 3324 363.3 11070 0.34 1.64 5.94 0.318 681.8 3829 5.26 1341 0.222 22.71
199424 199424Z - 73.d 282.7 117.7 330 3.35 55 14.91 603000 4059 855 2610 0.72 4.49 9.18 2.75 972 6647 7.88 111.2 0.521 58
199424 199424Z - 74.d 271.9 40.6 210 3.59 65 4.68 597300 2985 1260 343 0.151 1.86 4.85 0.098 1623 1267 64.2 42.56 1.01 62.6
199424 199424Z - 75.d 273.9 200 375 2.7 65 49.76 604200 841.8 908 3634 0.127 1.44 4.69 0.119 513.4 4029 20.67 111.6 2.94 23.64
199424 199424Z - 76.d 269.2 138 930 0.95 70 13.95 603100 1983 459.1 2002 0.23 3.08 5.88 0.9 670 3474 52 16.12 0.085 47.3
199424 199424Z - 77.d 321 211 1110 2.96 85 9.27 605000 650.7 473.9 3102 0.34 4.15 5.63 0.443 208.3 335.1 10.57 30.9 42.7 8.73
199424 199424Z - 78.d 293 94 290 2.03 70 9.99 600400 279.3 846.8 4166 0.115 1.47 4.97 7.8 433 3905 78.3 575 1.26 21.08
199424 199424Z - 79.d 270.8 78 840 1.2 75 823 602200 229.2 612.3 858 0.085 1.56 4.12 2.44 412.2 9250 0.0205 81 0.67 19.8
199424 199424Z - 80.d 281.3 105.3 340 2.58 75 63.5 602900 3908 583.1 1680 0.39 1.79 5.42 0.283 291.7 6378 1.79 388.1 1.03 18.9
199424 199424Z - 81.d 272.1 55 600 3.17 80 2.57 601200 5363 1156.1 780 0.13 1.36 4.2 0.087 2255 1360 41 20.43 0.065 74.6
199424 199424Z - 82.d 269.4 112.1 550 3.22 85 19.71 603000 1627 1651 1286 0.09 1.32 3.89 0.12 150.7 2481 1.92 103.4 0.246 11.12
199424 199424Z - 83.d 302.4 2567 1870 2.87 488 46.6 602800 75.59 43.6 3736 0.22 1.38 6.82 52.63 1.106 1057 0.0225 62.4 3.5 0.04
199424 199424Z - 84.d 269 9.3 375 1.9 65 3.81 598100 12564 1738 46 0.44 2.01 4.96 0.221 463 2190 0.13 741 4.68 24.68
199424 199424Z - 85.d 263.5 49.6 320 2.61 90 7 599400 319.1 51.5 6890 0.145 1.38 4.8 0.536 234 6900 9.18 111.6 0.313 9.38
199424 199424Z - 86.d 264.8 18.66 325 1.1 75 70.5 596800 7001 1511 313 0.115 1.24 3.79 0.085 748.4 2520 1 134.7 0.331 36.61
199424 199424Z - 87.d 286.5 448 285 2.66 85 97.1 599100 1277 2556 1467 0.28 1.35 4.47 0.159 208.8 2878 0.86 1597 3.64 11.71
199424 199424Z - 88.d 268.4 118.5 485 2.29 70 80.1 605200 3041 2041 1030 0.37 2.61 5.74 0.108 666.8 3931 7.93 307.5 0.73 40.46
199424 199424Z - 89.d 264.9 148.1 770 2.91 65 16.67 601700 1118 429.8 2681 0.075 1.34 3.78 0.089 2635 4723 61 81.7 0.401 103.3
199424 199424Z - 90.d 274.5 49.7 580 3.1 70 12.98 600900 1168 3055 1206 0.33 1.78 4.53 0.202 256.4 2122 2.86 237.3 0.384 13.4
199424 199424Z - 91.d 265.5 84.6 790 1.2 55 6.21 603700 4573 410 1118 0.1 1.24 3.22 0.081 1747 1753 171.9 121.3 0.07 99
199424 199424Z - 92.d 270.5 120.5 850 1.15 80 4.02 601800 2212 768.3 857 0.115 1.89 4.98 0.415 1462 142.2 26.19 24.67 0.055 51.07
199424 199424Z - 93.d 1210 4140 9300 2.53 95 3.59 597100 636.3 2768 1860 3.93 2.15 9.2 0.426 118.9 1231 34 21.29 7.43 8.03
199424 199424Z - 94.d 260.2 208.1 820 2.19 65 47.76 598400 1207 760.3 5365 0.12 1.31 4.24 0.065 97.12 10461 0.268 409.6 12.3 5.96
199424 199424Z - 95.d 263.9 37.9 610 3.14 70 55.2 604200 1406 1586 1763 0.24 1.6 4.01 0.22 212.7 5216 1.67 217 0.144 11.36
199424 199424Z - 96.d 276.2 41.4 5410 3.74 80 62.2 604000 1500 34 1827 0.14 2.09 4.82 3.12 780 345.9 2.04 357.1 6.32 21.4
199424 199424Z - 97.d 246.5 18.76 450 1.05 90 6.39 602400 5189 639.9 294 0.21 1.36 4.28 0.057 983 2053 66.7 55.2 0.404 50.31
199424 199424Z - 98.d 258.6 41.4 630 1 70 3.79 603000 2534 350.6 573 0.1 1.29 3.72 0.07 822.2 1383 10.15 23.15 0.09 49.69
199424 199424Z - 99.d 279.2 50.8 375 2.94 80 59.37 602600 1261 4850 3127 0.63 1.97 5.73 0.4 1079.4 2575 1.61 266 11.12 57.1
199424 199424Z - 100.d 275 265.3 690 2.07 85 136 604200 3542 768 1004 0.155 1.22 3.95 0.11 885.2 6378 1.84 335.6 0.049 42.88
199424 199424Z - 101.d 278 52.5 425 2.91 70 1314 600800 459.7 2460 2040 0.28 1.5 7.08 13.8 1259 4230 2.93 359 0.6 53.28
199424 199424Z - 102.d 272.8 48.8 335 3.39 65 2.28 601700 4063 1244 622 0.12 1.75 4.47 0.159 1682 1493 42.1 27.43 0.0495 75.8
199424 199424Z - 103.d 289 285 660 3.33 60 7.73 602100 2473 1146.4 2474 0.125 2.62 5.34 1.25 1550 6100 133.4 57.8 0.174 57.9
199424 199424Z - 104.d 298.9 342 930 2.23 60 32.73 602600 1785 1286 821 0.184 1.37 3.68 0.678 184.8 1708 0.72 205.4 0.95 10.29
199424 199424Z - 105.d 276.6 10.8 335 2.58 70 10.99 605700 282.4 35.8 5018 0.065 1.56 4.08 0.221 161.5 1116 0.37 43.7 6.72 12.75
199424 199424Z - 106.d 264.8 25.55 1050 0.95 65 77.78 604800 4614 1842 275.2 0.155 1.41 4.16 0.081 712.7 2648 6.44 352.9 0.393 37.74
199424 199424Z - 107.d 273.8 217.1 880 0.9 65 25.03 601600 1128 1340 501 0.125 1.39 3.99 0.107 190.2 2563 0.008 116.2 0.116 9.44
199424 199424Z - 108.d 274.3 108.6 325 3.2 75 19.88 607700 1404 217.2 3019 0.135 1.39 3.5 0.125 173.7 809.3 4.96 780 1.93 9.7
199424 199424Z - 109.d 287.2 502 2100 2.34 80 16.3 599500 1286 381.4 3203 0.39 3.2 6.68 9.6 5200 6383 35.9 90.4 0.129 131504 J.K. P ORTERAppendix D  Table 1 Page 116 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file
199424 199424Z - 69.d
199424 199424Z - 70.d
199424 199424Z - 71.d
199424 199424Z - 72.d
199424 199424Z - 73.d
199424 199424Z - 74.d
199424 199424Z - 75.d
199424 199424Z - 76.d
199424 199424Z - 77.d
199424 199424Z - 78.d
199424 199424Z - 79.d
199424 199424Z - 80.d
199424 199424Z - 81.d
199424 199424Z - 82.d
199424 199424Z - 83.d
199424 199424Z - 84.d
199424 199424Z - 85.d
199424 199424Z - 86.d
199424 199424Z - 87.d
199424 199424Z - 88.d
199424 199424Z - 89.d
199424 199424Z - 90.d
199424 199424Z - 91.d
199424 199424Z - 92.d
199424 199424Z - 93.d
199424 199424Z - 94.d
199424 199424Z - 95.d
199424 199424Z - 96.d
199424 199424Z - 97.d
199424 199424Z - 98.d
199424 199424Z - 99.d
199424 199424Z - 100.d
199424 199424Z - 101.d
199424 199424Z - 102.d
199424 199424Z - 103.d
199424 199424Z - 104.d
199424 199424Z - 105.d
199424 199424Z - 106.d
199424 199424Z - 107.d
199424 199424Z - 108.d
199424 199424Z - 109.dTa W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Th U Group C Rocktype Rock Unit
128.1 401.5 1.6 18.57 1.335 0.184 0.152 47.31 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
129.9 415.1 1.25 8.44 0.651 0.092 0.00305 22.93 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
50.32 167.8 78.7 137.4 82.8 89.6 151.3 155.1 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
619.7 39700 1.55 8.66 1.9 1.56 0.463 18.65 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
192.4 325 2.1 23.03 3.07 1.82 2.31 56.4 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
36.61 83.2 2.7 8.49 0.73 0.215 0.0059 21.26 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
253.3 1217 1.45 25.31 1.761 0.189 0.0035 76.43 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
76.5 465.2 2.5 1.6 0.86 0.79 0.11 1.89 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
11.93 47.6 2.1 3.35 1.35 1.3 0.423 3.612 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
1780 921 1.9 35.26 2.51 0.27 0.39 86.18 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
310.2 43.69 2.25 1.44 1.17 1.233 0.073 0.663 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
227.9 2652 2.8 9.87 1.196 0.52 0.61 12.67 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
50.38 153.3 1.85 13.67 0.945 0.188 0.0186 35.33 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
105.2 369 2.75 2.85 0.256 0.147 0.341 6.84 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
57.14 1496 12.6 16.53 13.04 13.22 0.281 9.45 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
128.9 2083 1.6 67.9 4.98 0.235 0.038 152.8 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
130.3 191.8 2.2 17.51 2.49 1.44 0.081 34.03 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
101.7 857.6 2.45 59.3 4.01 0.121 0.00445 150.5 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
110 2090 2.1 3.96 0.426 0.235 0.073 9.43 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
472 1240 1.75 11.48 1.33 0.489 0.016 23.27 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
104.77 170.2 1.6 18.71 1.33 0.153 0.00245 48.65 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
136.8 1269 1.7 4.99 0.477 0.273 0.145 12.28 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
83.77 170.6 2.65 11.4 0.894 0.144 0.0027 31.98 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
2.25 3.37 2.45 12.22 1.243 0.454 0.097 31.13 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
32.98 165.6 2.6 4.55 0.81 0.548 0.69 6.87 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
1110 955.4 2.45 0.34 0.108 0.094 0.00235 0.475 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
153.5 1781 2 9.65 1.39 0.276 0.83 6.9 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
16.13 1024 1.65 4.39 0.7 0.45 0.296 8.06 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
131.7 294.9 1.95 13.91 1.033 0.132 0.0031 40.17 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
84.28 5.48 2.2 5.21 0.455 0.092 0.0027 13.79 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
160 787.2 2.05 267.4 29.32 0.677 1.48 223.9 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
487.4 1191 1.7 16.75 1.139 0.054 0.00285 44.57 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
249 162.6 10.4 26.3 13.5 13.4 3.38 28.8 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
39.98 7.91 2.2 8.1 0.653 0.222 0.0199 21.57 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
125.2 295.4 1.45 10.4 1.15 0.578 0.32 25.22 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
61.9 925 1.95 4.66 1.28 0.94 0.157 10.03 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
51.43 1470 2.2 0.939 0.395 0.396 0.075 1.319 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
190.8 1275 1.35 19.14 1.368 0.06 0.00435 46.23 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
171.4 115.4 1.9 2.82 0.294 0.18 0.053 6.082 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
37.89 2449 2.9 1.44 0.362 0.282 0.005 2.422 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
324.7 1007.9 2.1 31.2 2.34 0.92 1.3 71.21 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1Appendix D J.K. P ORTER 505Appendix D  Table 1 Page 117 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file Mg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf
199424 199424Z - 110.d 272.8 60.1 330 1.66 65 46.9 602600 1062 295.3 2926 0.095 1.4 3.77 1.18 1250 2228 21.46 259.2 0.692 47.1
199424 199424Z - 111.d 511 1150 6660 1.15 848 5.57 603400 148.2 1875 5340 3.71 5.13 193.2 132.5 166.7 1936 64.1 593 3140 26.92
199424 199424Z - 112.d 273 44.1 370 1.05 70 3.68 600600 1146 200.8 1369 0.055 1.33 3.64 0.084 399.3 1173 24.4 39.18 11.08 20.78
199424 199424Z - 113.d 279.2 214.9 265 1.38 50 94.2 603700 389.6 203.2 2679 0.095 1.32 4.21 0.319 39.21 1419 0.0205 174.9 0.286 1.55
199424 199424Z - 114.d 275.9 1640 5910 1 55 269.2 606900 7191 4930 441 0.13 1.5 4.46 0.531 663.2 1579 9.83 278.1 0.065 27.55
199424 199424Z - 115.d 867 38000 47500 1.6 2513 24.7 601600 69.7 137.8 6510 1.24 4.65 23.1 43.5 53 821 0.09 6.28 0.72 2.58
199424 199424Z - 116.d 282.4 41 375 0.9 70 1.94 605400 2235 41.01 3670 0.72 1.53 7.38 0.24 408.1 399.1 56.5 81.8 1.66 17.36
199424 199424Z - 117.d 287.6 227 900 0.9 70 405.2 606100 68.43 19 8694 0.3 1.63 5.91 273 53.14 16440 0.072 606 0.359 3.74
199424 199424Z - 118.d 305 560 1160 1.15 90 14.5 604500 1461 591 3800 0.72 5 5.4 0.96 750 7220 49.2 248 0.07 33.6
199424 199424Z - 119.d 272.8 61.3 405 3.29 70 65.26 601500 2188 2449 405 0.24 1.43 3.29 0.796 118.3 2416 1.48 99.7 21.46 4.39
199424 199424Z - 120.d 271.9 5.41 265 0.95 65 4.16 607000 4175 642.4 924 0.18 1.36 3.63 0.154 265.3 3995 92.6 88.3 0.94 45.51
206172 206172Z - 1.d 276.7 125.3 6430 4.28 80 10.44 601200 2436 1960 1056 1.6 4.91 2.83 0.48 1438 3991 25.2 40.8 0.201 75.3
206172 206172Z - 2.d 478 1620 9560 1.3 454 11.03 598400 28.38 55 4560 1.35 4.01 5.33 16.84 39.7 12680 0.26 10.67 0.73 0.66
206172 206172Z - 3.d 339 730 7790 1.25 120 7.52 600200 1622 1097 6340 1.45 11.9 4.59 2.86 1215.1 2946 35.4 25.13 0.25 64.9
206172 206172Z - 4.d 271.6 54.8 5550 2.4 130 4.07 598000 2231 819 925 2.25 2.29 3.22 0.227 1162 1409 62.1 28.8 0.07 61.9
206172 206172Z - 5.d 279.4 483 7490 3.2 85 70.8 602600 639.5 162.6 786 1.35 1.84 3.35 0.133 8.7 1912 0.038 8 0.06 0.65
206172 206172Z - 6.d 273.9 477.5 7800 4.3 95 258.4 601300 121.4 840.2 1053 2.25 1.55 3.1 0.128 0.999 3482 0.11 8.45 0.06 0.089
206172 206172Z - 7.d 276.3 216 6300 3.1 105 8.22 605000 2323 1127 1250 1.4 2.35 3.28 0.193 3819 4919 55.2 18.36 0.06 129.6
206172 206172Z - 8.d 1120 600 8310 1.35 480 23.27 602700 41.9 65 4200 2.9 8.1 6.27 7.5 790 1830 0.07 11.42 1.75 17
206172 206172Z - 9.d 272.7 229.7 6850 1.15 90 5.32 600200 3314 1925 1019 2.15 1.95 2.59 0.069 629.6 9660 90.8 22.48 0.0455 36.65
206172 206172Z - 10.d 730 740 10900 1.3 250 528.8 601900 21 105 1370 4 9.3 5.15 4.3 79.1 1645 0.06 0.6 0.67 1.53
206172 206172Z - 11.d 283.7 178 8360 4.1 900 64.4 602900 33.3 80 1449 2.55 2.51 3.78 14.7 114.1 5887 2.11 7.57 0.158 1.87
206172 206172Z - 12.d 274.1 57.2 6180 2.9 420 478.6 606700 326.6 90 4796 4.4 1.8 2.97 15 842.7 5690 1.03 326 0.078 57
206172 206172Z - 14.d 275.8 61 6180 2.25 125 7.31 599000 3424 737.6 1663 4.4 4.11 2.88 1.11 338 495.4 59.1 32.78 0.357 26.66
206172 206172Z - 15.d 271.2 205 8050 2.5 95 107.9 603300 1964 835 417 3.55 2.43 5.9 4.3 460 250 0.065 0.95 0.065 11.5
206172 206172Z - 16.d 270.7 246.8 7990 1.3 135 9.71 600500 2124 1574 2594 3.1 2.51 2.92 0.09 1585 9210 61.6 51.2 0.07 61.6
206172 206172Z - 17.d 316 570 9850 2.6 559 65.8 599800 256.7 80 1650 1.3 2.29 5.08 4.9 57 3266 4.02 2.35 3.37 1.02
206172 206172Z - 18.d 276.8 52.3 6190 2.51 85 2.93 601000 4355 1692 896 3.85 1.61 2.9 0.086 386.8 2076 33.3 19.77 0.065 43.14
206172 206172Z - 19.d 342 103 6390 3.09 95 852 601200 316.4 75 2139 1.05 2.18 3.41 0.629 15.8 647.8 0.075 173.9 0.06 0.45
206172 206172Z - 20.d 276.1 138.7 5370 3.88 90 3.54 598400 1120 551.7 2078 2.8 1.89 2.84 0.1 1184.3 2235 45.9 39.2 0.055 74.4
206172 206172Z - 21.d 301.8 325 20000 1.6 700 65 604300 3467 736.4 2560 3.1 20.1 7.8 200 38000 491 61.3 30.1 2.89 1270
206172 206172Z - 22.d 2990 4530 18900 2.8 1000 349.7 598000 73.3 48.5 5020 4.05 10.01 12 22.7 677 8590 0.07 204.8 1.86 14.48
206172 206172Z - 23.d 285.3 322 6990 1.6 344 77.6 600700 126.4 86.8 7270 0.13 1.3 3.29 3.35 18.13 12520 0.021 274.8 5.91 1.78
206172 206172Z - 24.d 277.5 49.9 6530 2.66 90 7.79 604800 3449 659.2 1390 0.7 3.04 4.9 0.236 544.7 556.6 39.1 24.69 0.09 36.44
206172 206172Z - 25.d 468 400 7740 2.69 120 10.62 597100 2769 1958 2610 0.91 17.9 4.96 5.4 680 4311 4.96 28.84 0.77 29.9
206172 206172Z - 26.d 277.8 118 7110 1.25 100 7.63 603700 3743 1076 842 0.03 2.53 3.36 4.9 5200 2521 19.8 13.96 0.07 164
206172 206172Z - 27.d 437 277 6540 1.45 105 7.88 599600 1807 1221 2176 0.83 6.6 3.64 0.97 1252 5436 74.9 24.44 0.05 84.8
206172 206172Z - 28.d 273.3 216.2 8110 3.5 105 87.3 598600 566 385.9 2139 0.42 3.01 3.2 1.8 1120 1986 0.031 1.8 0.08 26
206172 206172Z - 29.d 397 364 11900 1.05 115 3.35 602900 1889 668.8 1396 0.32 11.1 13.9 3.7 880 3375 17.55 37.7 0.075 63.8
206172 206172Z - 30.d 326 227 7000 2.15 135 4.08 599600 2789 1375 1980 0.46 13 4.32 3.35 1617 1862 67.8 29.9 0.46 73.1
206184 206184Z - 1.d 1166 1560 57000 2.3 400 59.4 607800 187.4 106.1 6050 4.64 2.39 19.2 70.4 84 4933 12.6 23.9 5.75 6.04506 J.K. P ORTERAppendix D  Table 1 Page 118 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file
199424 199424Z - 110.d
199424 199424Z - 111.d
199424 199424Z - 112.d
199424 199424Z - 113.d
199424 199424Z - 114.d
199424 199424Z - 115.d
199424 199424Z - 116.d
199424 199424Z - 117.d
199424 199424Z - 118.d
199424 199424Z - 119.d
199424 199424Z - 120.d
206172 206172Z - 1.d
206172 206172Z - 2.d
206172 206172Z - 3.d
206172 206172Z - 4.d
206172 206172Z - 5.d
206172 206172Z - 6.d
206172 206172Z - 7.d
206172 206172Z - 8.d
206172 206172Z - 9.d
206172 206172Z - 10.d
206172 206172Z - 11.d
206172 206172Z - 12.d
206172 206172Z - 14.d
206172 206172Z - 15.d
206172 206172Z - 16.d
206172 206172Z - 17.d
206172 206172Z - 18.d
206172 206172Z - 19.d
206172 206172Z - 20.d
206172 206172Z - 21.d
206172 206172Z - 22.d
206172 206172Z - 23.d
206172 206172Z - 24.d
206172 206172Z - 25.d
206172 206172Z - 26.d
206172 206172Z - 27.d
206172 206172Z - 28.d
206172 206172Z - 29.d
206172 206172Z - 30.d
206184 206184Z - 1.dTa W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Th U Group C Rocktype Rock Unit
75.9 1288 2.25 93.7 6.21 0.044 0.041 207 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
61.49 799 73.4 132.3 74.9 100.5 276.5 105.4 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
24.1 7.75 1.7 1.69 0.18 0.019 0.0161 3.93 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
112.9 1027 1.9 1.2 0.355 0.397 0.652 1.977 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
37.7 415.5 1.75 13.26 1.37 0.73 0.094 34.78 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
69.05 248 150 163.6 159.3 167.3 24.6 15.6 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
20.53 296 3.8 10.41 3.04 2.55 0.153 19.07 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
2820 15310 17.9 20.4 18.14 18.3 4.21 4.18 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
571 1576 2.5 6.4 0.91 0.61 0.16 15.98 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
126.4 221.6 1.8 5.08 0.561 0.345 0.752 11.09 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
121.01 82 1.95 7.65 0.708 0.264 0.074 17.75 8 sandstone Officer Basin, Lennis Sandstone, Empress 1
202.9 128.6 2.4 106.5 15.08 1.31 0.0435 77.56 8 sandstone Kimberley region
874 338 152.4 211.5 170.1 160.1 19.25 59.1 8 sandstone Kimberley region
115.3 107.3 2.65 35.2 7.97 5.56 1.33 21.71 8 sandstone Kimberley region
67.3 76 3.15 33.52 4.82 0.442 0.09 24.25 8 sandstone Kimberley region
131.7 7.01 3.05 1.14 0.89 0.911 0.075 0.183 8 sandstone Kimberley region
176.4 18.39 2.3 5.25 5.82 5.34 0.1 0.165 8 sandstone Kimberley region
315.8 197 2.85 21.59 3.02 0.137 0.07 15.6 8 sandstone Kimberley region
61 67.7 11.3 27.2 18.1 16.9 3.51 6.72 8 sandstone Kimberley region
269.4 106.9 3.25 67 9.01 0.078 0.105 47.87 8 sandstone Kimberley region
89.5 32.3 5.7 10.2 5.4 5.5 2.4 2.38 8 sandstone Kimberley region
288.9 266.3 2.7 5.59 2.28 4.7 35.6 3.24 8 sandstone Kimberley region
1174 17.45 4.25 16.3 6.7 5.01 1.78 8.23 8 sandstone Kimberley region
20.29 47.8 3.9 16.17 2.92 1.06 0.527 11.84 8 sandstone Kimberley region
14.59 4.12 2.1 5.93 5.09 4.76 0.33 1.37 8 sandstone Kimberley region
383.4 105.4 2.35 92.8 12.74 0.175 0.21 63.91 8 sandstone Kimberley region
226.4 70.6 24.1 36.2 29.6 27 1.92 6.4 8 sandstone Kimberley region
90.3 32.75 2.65 20.71 2.64 0.042 0.1 15.57 8 sandstone Kimberley region
42.16 125.3 3.3 1.13 0.677 0.864 0.244 0.3 8 sandstone Kimberley region
153.2 108.4 2.3 23.24 3.05 0.076 0.09 16.33 8 sandstone Kimberley region
18.19 141 3.75 91 16.3 8.3 9.1 105 8 sandstone Kimberley region
583.5 484 18.2 29.4 19.54 20.09 26.5 9.75 8 sandstone Kimberley region
1075 4100 23.7 32.7 22.5 18.8 0.303 10.68 8 sandstone Kimberley region
33.85 39.1 3.05 15.7 2.33 0.204 0.0362 10.83 8 sandstone Kimberley region
259 540 6.3 23.5 10.04 10.9 2.22 11.89 8 sandstone Kimberley region
95.97 18.6 2.6 46.2 7.02 0.82 0.76 31.36 8 sandstone Kimberley region
302.6 36.2 3.15 34 5.26 1.14 0.73 23.19 8 sandstone Kimberley region
134.5 12.8 3.4 1.63 0.95 0.72 0.25 3.61 8 sandstone Kimberley region
174.9 84.1 3.05 31.99 4.79 1.19 0.52 20.49 8 sandstone Kimberley region
75.3 95.8 3.05 28.92 6.87 4.9 1.492 16.84 8 sandstone Kimberley region
257 255.9 54 97 58.3 60 22.97 61 8 metasiliciclastic Halls Creek Group, Olympio Fm, Lamboo ProvinceAppendix D J.K. P ORTER 507Appendix D  Table 1 Page 119 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file Mg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf
206184 206184Z - 2.d 3070 3510 60200 2.64 53900 31.8 604200 200.6 67.3 24010 42 45.5 54.6 451 1219 2952 13.57 20.74 41.2 37.4
206184 206184Z - 3.d 2185 2850 19800 2.44 14040 30.9 604900 464.9 401 23200 26 29.4 51.8 199 893 3814 32.2 70.1 42 64.9
206184 206184Z - 4.d 1310 3770 109100 4.78 99000 33.2 605700 236.1 466 12110 7.4 7.05 27.2 625 250 3767 3.64 33.6 21.7 8.39
206184 206184Z - 5.d 2860 4070 11820 5.8 38400 37.51 608400 301 92.2 13680 25.4 6.88 55.8 84.7 575 1464 0.27 6.62 13.01 15.2
206184 206184Z - 6.d 2180 3090 19110 2.4 5980 17.9 603800 638.1 168 17820 17 2.66 46.9 99.2 561 3476 0.42 23.3 27.5 37
206184 206184Z - 7.d 1695 5620 43860 2.48 62700 37.8 607300 262.7 285.5 10360 5.68 5.08 29.5 231.8 942 1664 0.58 11.24 17.36 34.9
206184 206184Z - 8.d 2180 3430 18430 2.62 41900 28.65 608200 463.7 329 14220 7.61 5.49 39.6 224 1018 2599 3.48 24.7 24.2 27.2
206184 206184Z - 9.d 511 447 5330 5.55 43900 38.8 603300 438.2 1538 6380 0.45 3.17 17.9 256 920 2677 8.55 11.65 33.5 28.35
206184 206184Z - 10.d 1225 1580 26300 5.5 151000 176.4 605600 136.6 186.4 5110 6.29 8.42 25.8 356 214 1111 22.8 8.42 4.67 6.74
206184 206184Z - 11.d 796 2250 12130 2.63 23820 31 607700 462.9 253 10220 2.76 3.97 33.6 119 266.8 1461 0.51 8.27 26.2 10.56
206184 206184Z - 12.d 625 554 50600 2.06 26600 136.6 601700 534.3 64.6 6570 1.74 4.42 14.5 161.2 2930 3010 0.36 12.84 17.02 94.9
206184 206184Z - 13.d 446.7 1374 9090 1.9 1010 71.4 605300 70.1 75.8 1040 0.52 2.65 7.46 19.18 59.5 627.4 0.0245 9.68 0.44 2.32
206184 206184Z - 14.d 1199 1247 48000 1.05 36400 29.87 609300 366.9 365.1 12630 9.65 18.72 35.2 91.7 238.4 2215 8.18 25.98 32.95 12.04
206184 206184Z - 15.d 592 447 5350 2.89 42000 51.9 601100 495.2 114.5 3890 1.3 3.28 11.6 124 359 2761 0.86 15.87 42.2 19.64
206184 206184Z - 16.d 2590 4540 50200 3.26 405 32.1 605500 197.4 259.2 16740 45.6 16.9 67.1 68.9 636 2131 1.26 22.2 13.72 29.4
206184 206184Z - 17.d 6420 8700 65700 3.5 15400 26.1 603600 189.6 311 31600 33 12.6 56.4 59.5 66.7 1740 2.18 9.76 8.91 2.66
206184 206184Z - 18.d 14750 20520 78800 3.38 12500 45.8 604200 510 572 72500 170.2 132.4 182 66.3 162.7 3333 6.38 49.6 38.4 7.03
206184 206184Z - 19.d 648 511 3300 2.23 41800 56.1 606100 565.1 52.2 6360 2.16 6.4 15.4 134.3 541.5 3869 0.148 5.98 11.44 32.8
206184 206184Z - 21.d 7080 19700 45000 1.05 52500 50.2 604800 80 194 24800 42.9 21.3 53.4 147 14400 1663 15 4.74 3.66 340
206184 206184Z - 22.d 20710 32200 53500 2.86 524 70.9 602800 585 353.5 95200 175 34.5 314 54.1 133.9 4320 48.6 40.4 29.7 5.83
206184 206184Z - 23.d 707 1048 113000 4.8 9080 27.9 599300 106 91.8 6040 23.4 3.02 14.6 482 177 1035 3.06 10.39 29 11.8
206184 206184Z - 24.d 5890 7150 24300 4.03 156000 42.4 606800 669 493 41600 59.3 80.9 129.9 164.9 245.4 4420 24.2 43.5 40.7 13.13
206184 206184Z - 25.d 2190 2810 28700 3.47 675 54.1 603100 139.7 111.4 10920 9.03 5.56 48.5 34.1 213 1303 2.87 9.67 8.81 12.98
206184 206184Z - 26.d 398.8 283 27500 2.74 6700 202.1 607300 390.8 52.7 5330 0.76 4.64 8.2 52.5 1479 1624 0.204 8.17 7.71 68
206184 206184Z - 27.d 1750 3210 13780 1.87 24300 30.8 604500 495.4 102 9900 10.6 4.09 26.6 89.6 307.9 1937 2.47 23.7 21 9.59
206184 206184Z - 29.d 3250 7680 31900 4.23 1110 77.5 603600 59.1 98.2 12100 20.5 21.8 29.5 399 21300 731 0.065 2.37 11.5 500508 J.K. P ORTERAppendix D  Table 1 Page 120 of 120
Fm -- FormationSample Source file
206184 206184Z - 2.d
206184 206184Z - 3.d
206184 206184Z - 4.d
206184 206184Z - 5.d
206184 206184Z - 6.d
206184 206184Z - 7.d
206184 206184Z - 8.d
206184 206184Z - 9.d
206184 206184Z - 10.d
206184 206184Z - 11.d
206184 206184Z - 12.d
206184 206184Z - 13.d
206184 206184Z - 14.d
206184 206184Z - 15.d
206184 206184Z - 16.d
206184 206184Z - 17.d
206184 206184Z - 18.d
206184 206184Z - 19.d
206184 206184Z - 21.d
206184 206184Z - 22.d
206184 206184Z - 23.d
206184 206184Z - 24.d
206184 206184Z - 25.d
206184 206184Z - 26.d
206184 206184Z - 27.d
206184 206184Z - 29.dTa W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Th U Group C Rocktype Rock Unit
100.4 876 736 1070 791 885 374 86 8 metasiliciclastic Halls Creek Group, Olympio Fm, Lamboo Province
159.5 1143 660 858 685 779 422.9 50.18 8 metasiliciclastic Halls Creek Group, Olympio Fm, Lamboo Province
258 187.5 107 194 121 134 123.6 168.6 8 metasiliciclastic Halls Creek Group, Olympio Fm, Lamboo Province
71.84 228.8 3510 4200 4200 4500 70.8 33.72 8 metasiliciclastic Halls Creek Group, Olympio Fm, Lamboo Province
202.9 1295 118.4 149.3 125.3 135.8 40.7 9.73 8 metasiliciclastic Halls Creek Group, Olympio Fm, Lamboo Province
62.4 194.2 152 193 149 163 35.2 27 8 metasiliciclastic Halls Creek Group, Olympio Fm, Lamboo Province
76.3 131.6 113.4 168.4 122.7 134.5 61.2 31.4 8 metasiliciclastic Halls Creek Group, Olympio Fm, Lamboo Province
97.74 193.8 207.9 326 226.2 248.8 112.1 66.3 8 metasiliciclastic Halls Creek Group, Olympio Fm, Lamboo Province
105 432 1930 2800 2300 2600 62.6 19.3 8 metasiliciclastic Halls Creek Group, Olympio Fm, Lamboo Province
56.3 198 135 205 143 160 53.7 29.52 8 metasiliciclastic Halls Creek Group, Olympio Fm, Lamboo Province
87.8 436.9 56.5 77.7 58.1 62 18.6 21.7 8 metasiliciclastic Halls Creek Group, Olympio Fm, Lamboo Province
57.25 312.5 7.8 13.45 6.8 8.53 13.53 7.36 8 metasiliciclastic Halls Creek Group, Olympio Fm, Lamboo Province
97.3 428 262.3 348.2 275.7 307.8 119.6 27.07 8 metasiliciclastic Halls Creek Group, Olympio Fm, Lamboo Province
170 320 250 340 270 310 27.6 15.96 8 metasiliciclastic Halls Creek Group, Olympio Fm, Lamboo Province
112.1 212.9 66.2 113.7 71.7 84.8 81.7 72.2 8 metasiliciclastic Halls Creek Group, Olympio Fm, Lamboo Province
76.5 110.2 72 108 75.1 82.3 46.8 21.8 8 metasiliciclastic Halls Creek Group, Olympio Fm, Lamboo Province
127.1 1710 546 701 560 640 272.8 39.74 8 metasiliciclastic Halls Creek Group, Olympio Fm, Lamboo Province
76.4 236.2 41.3 80 45.4 48.1 39.3 21.2 8 metasiliciclastic Halls Creek Group, Olympio Fm, Lamboo Province
184.5 169.2 37.7 97.3 40.5 43.5 50.6 87.8 8 metasiliciclastic Halls Creek Group, Olympio Fm, Lamboo Province
179.2 283 206 314 222 262 151.4 48 8 metasiliciclastic Halls Creek Group, Olympio Fm, Lamboo Province
45 185.8 540 640 550 640 28.2 33.9 8 metasiliciclastic Halls Creek Group, Olympio Fm, Lamboo Province
136.6 5320 765 967 777 862 229 41.74 8 metasiliciclastic Halls Creek Group, Olympio Fm, Lamboo Province
40.24 167.2 680 950 780 880 47.7 22.1 8 metasiliciclastic Halls Creek Group, Olympio Fm, Lamboo Province
81.19 327.8 33.6 43 35.5 36.7 14.3 5.29 8 metasiliciclastic Halls Creek Group, Olympio Fm, Lamboo Province
62.3 400 72.7 97.9 77.9 85.3 25.69 9.08 8 metasiliciclastic Halls Creek Group, Olympio Fm, Lamboo Province
55.9 178.5 202 267 210 223 122 100 9 metasiliciclastic Halls Creek Group, Olympio Fm, Lamboo ProvinceAppendix D J.K. P ORTER 509APPENDIX E
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION -
CHAPTER 4E.1. TABLE 1-DETRITAL RUTILE TRACE ELEMENT
CHEMISTRIES (PPM)Sample DEL1-12 DEL1-12 DEL1-12 DEL1-12 VAL-A-2-2 VAL-A-2-2 DEL1-12 VAL-A-6-4 DEL1-12 DEL1-12
Analysis # 3 6 8 9 2 3 7 9 11 15
mineral biotite biotite biotite biotite pargasite pargasitetitanian-
ferroan 
pargasitemagnesio-
hastingsitepargasite 
(outer vein)magnesio-
hastingsite 
(inner vein)
SiO 2 37.02 36.98 36.79 37.61 39.97 40.46 40.37 43.10 40.89 40.47
Al2O3 16.83 16.13 15.96 15.92 15.48 15.57 14.59 13.21 14.82 11.92
TiO 2 3.51 3.82 3.73 3.68 1.73 1.65 2.37 2.24 1.36 0.9
Cr2O3 0.06 BLOD BLOD BLOD 0.01 0.07 0.06 0.03 0.02 n.d.
FeO 11.73 11.65 11.86 11.83 12.02 12.23 12.09 8.01 11.74 10.81
MnO 0.05 0.08 0.05 0.07 0.12 0.09 0.16 0.07 0.17 0.13
MgO 16.40 17.07 16.93 17.06 11.60 11.76 12.01 15.41 12.61 13.97
CaO 0.03 0.11 BLOD BLOD 11.00 11.10 11.58 10.60 12.06 11.94
Na 2O 0.31 0.37 0.4 0.35 2.86 2.88 2.79 3.55 2.62 2.58
K2O 9.85 9.03 9.66 9.89 0.41 0.45 1.27 0.24 1.14 0.85
Cl 0.34 0.41 0.45 0.41 1.57 1.56 0.71 0.35 0.71 0.55
Total 96.13 95.66 95.82 96.83 96.78 97.79 98.03 96.82 98.17 94.16
Si4+ 5.43 5.43 5.43 5.48 5.97 5.98 5.99 6.22 6.03 6.18
AlIV 2.57 2.57 2.57 2.52 2.03 2.02 2.01 1.78 1.97 1.82
AlVI0.34 0.23 0.20 0.22 0.70 0.69 0.55 0.46 0.61 0.32
Ti 0.39 0.42 0.41 0.40 0.19 0.18 0.26 0.24 0.15 0.10
Cr 0.01 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.01 0.01 0.00 0.00 0.00
Fe3+ 0.51 0.53 0.19 0.52 0.29 0.46
Fe2+1.44 1.43 1.46 1.44 1.00 0.99 1.31 0.45 1.16 0.92
Mg 3.58 3.74 3.72 3.71 2.59 2.59 2.66 3.31 2.77 3.18
Mn 0.01 0.01 0.01 0.01 0.02 0.01 0.02 0.01 0.02 0.02
Ca 0.00 0.02 0.00 0.00 1.76 1.76 1.84 1.64 1.91 1.95
Na 0.09 0.11 0.11 0.10 0.83 0.82 0.80 0.99 0.75 0.76
K 1.84 1.69 1.82 1.84 0.08 0.08 0.24 0.04 0.21 0.17
Cl 0.08 0.10 0.11 0.10 0.40 0.39 0.18 0.09 0.18 0.14
Sum 15.78 15.75 15.85 15.82 16.07 16.06 16.06 15.76 32.09 32.05
P (kbars) Average 9.6 9.5 8.8 7.3 8.9 6.8
Hammarstrom & Zen, 1986 9.8 9.7 8.9 7.4 9.0 6.9
Hollister et al., 1987 10.6 10.5 9.6 7.9 9.8 7.3
Johnson & Rutherford, 1989 8.1 8.0 7.3 6.0 7.4 5.6
Schmidt, 1992 10.0 9.9 9.1 7.7 9.3 7.2Table E.1:Biotite and amphibole electron microprobe analyses from scapolite-bearing amphibolites, Valberg
Quarry. Values are presented inoxide weight percent. Calcic amphibole isnormalised to23oxygens and 13
cations intheCand Tsites; excluding Ca,Na,K.BLOD: below level ofdetection. Amphibole nomenclature and
determination from Leake (1978); Rock and Leake (1984); Mogessie etal.(1990). Determination ofpressures
using the Al-in-calcic amphibole methods developed byHammarstrom and Zen (1986); Hollister etal.(1987);
Johnson and Rutherford (1989); Schmidt (1992) and provided for reference.514 J.K. P ORTERE.2. TABLE 2-U–P B DATAAppendix E Table 2a
Analysis U (ppm) Th (ppm)232Th/ 
238U% 
206Pbc204Pb/ 
206Pb207Pb*/ 
206Pb*± %207Pb*/ 
235U± %206Pb*/ 
238U± % err. cor.206Pb*/ 
238U Age 
(Ma)± 207Pb/ 
206Pb 
Age 
(Ma)± % 
Discordance
N17-13.1-1 43.1 0.021 0.001 0.05 0.00003 0.0755 0.73 1.84 2.1 0.177 1.9 0.93 1051 19 1081 15 3
N17-13.1-2 43.7 0.749 0.018 0.1 0.00006 0.0757 0.72 1.89 1.8 0.181 1.7 0.92 1070 16 1088 14 2
N17-13.1-3 34.7 0.008 0.000 0.06 0.00003 0.0757 0.77 1.87 1.8 0.179 1.7 0.91 1063 16 1088 15 2
N17-13.2-1 54.8 0.995 0.019 0.09 0.00006 0.0750 0.64 1.81 1.7 0.175 1.6 0.93 1042 16 1068 13 2
N17-13.3-1 45.3 0.001 0.000 0.06 0.00004 0.0751 0.65 1.84 1.9 0.178 1.8 0.94 1053 17 1072 13 2
N17-13.4-1 32.3 0.029 0.001 0.08 0.00005 0.0761 0.75 1.86 1.8 0.177 1.7 0.91 1050 16 1098 15 4
N17-13.4-2 31.7 0.004 0.000 0.05 0.00003 0.0758 0.77 1.86 1.8 0.178 1.7 0.91 1054 16 1090 15 3
N17-13.4-3 31.5 0.051 0.002 0.07 0.00004 0.0750 0.79 1.80 1.9 0.174 1.7 0.9 1034 16 1069 16 3
N17-13.4-4 31.5 0.000 0.000 0.06 0.00004 0.0759 0.76 1.83 1.9 0.175 1.8 0.92 1038 17 1091 15 5
N17-13.5-1 26.2 0.024 0.001 0.68 0.00040 0.0750 1.21 1.88 2.1 0.182 1.9 0.82 1076 19 1067 24 -1
N17-13.6-1 34.9 0.007 0.000 0.39 0.00023 0.0752 0.7 1.89 2.1 0.182 2 0.95 1078 20 1073 14 0
N17-13.7-1 37.3 0.014 0.000 0.06 0.00004 0.0753 0.75 1.84 1.8 0.177 1.7 0.91 1049 16 1077 15 3
N17-13.8-1 33.4 0.022 0.001 0.06 0.00003 0.0763 0.74 1.87 3 0.178 3 0.97 1056 29 1102 15 4
N17-13.9-1 34.4 0.000 0.000 0.05 0.00003 0.0760 0.75 1.89 1.8 0.180 1.7 0.91 1068 17 1094 15 2
N17-13.10-2 32.6 0.037 0.001 0.37 0.00022 0.0737 0.82 1.87 1.8 0.184 1.7 0.89 1088 17 1033 17 -5
N17-13.11-1 33.2 0.000 0.000 0.05 0.00003 0.0761 1.22 2.02 2.3 0.193 1.9 0.84 1136 20 1098 24 -3
N17-13.12-1 30.9 0.000 0.000 0.05 0.00003 0.0756 0.75 1.98 1.8 0.190 1.7 0.91 1122 17 1085 15 -3
N17-13.14-1 30.3 0.085 0.003 0.08 0.00005 0.0753 0.76 1.90 2.2 0.183 2 0.94 1083 20 1076 15 -1
N17-13.15-1 34.9 0.722 0.021 0.2 0.00012 0.0767 1.67 1.95 2.3 0.184 1.6 0.68 1090 16 1113 33 2
N17-13.10-1 28 0.045 0.002 1.21 0.00070 0.0698 2.09 1.77 2.6 0.184 1.6 0.59 1091 16 923 43 -18
N17-13.13-1 35.2 0.000 0.000 0.05 0.00003 0.0750 0.69 2.00 1.9 0.194 1.8 0.93 1141 19 1068 14 -7
N17-13.16-1 37.3 0.001 0.000 0.06 0.00004 0.0753 0.66 2.03 2 0.196 1.9 0.94 1151 20 1078 13 -7
Analysis notation: N17-13 is the mount number; 1-2 refers to grain number 1, second analysis on that grain.
Errors are 1-sigma; Pbc and Pb* indicate common and radiogenic Pb, respectively.
% Discordance = [100 - (206Pb/238U age)/(207Pb/206Pb age)*100]
Error in Standard calibration was 0.63% (not included in above errors but required when comparing data from different mounts).
Common Pb corrected by assuming 206Pb/238U age-208Pb/232Th age-concordanceConcordant data
Discordance >5% and/or high common Pb dataAppendix E J.K. P ORTER 517Appendix E Table 2b
Analysis U (ppm) Th (ppm)232Th/ 
238U% 
206Pbc204Pb/ 
206Pb207Pb*/ 
206Pb*± %207Pb*/ 
235U± %206Pb*/ 
238U± % err. cor.206Pb*/ 
238U Age 
(Ma)± 207Pb/ 
206Pb 
Age 
(Ma)± % 
Discordance
N17-14.1-1 41.0 0.000 0.000 0.06 0.00004 0.0758 0.55 1.86 2.5 0.179 2.4 0.98 1059 24 1088 11 3
N17-14.2-1 38.3 0.005 0.000 0.07 0.00004 0.0761 0.56 1.91 2.2 0.182 2.1 0.97 1075 21 1098 11 2
N17-14.3-1 43.5 0.020 0.000 0.14 0.00008 0.0750 0.52 1.96 2.6 0.190 2.5 0.98 1119 26 1069 11 -5
N17-14.4-2 35.9 0.000 0.000 0.05 0.00003 0.0755 0.57 1.90 2.4 0.183 2.3 0.97 1081 23 1083 12 0
N17-14.4-3 32.7 0.045 0.001 0.18 0.00010 0.0756 0.55 1.97 3.1 0.189 3.0 0.98 1116 31 1085 11 -3
N17-14.5-1 38.5 0.002 0.000 0.06 0.00004 0.0759 0.58 1.87 2.2 0.179 2.1 0.96 1060 21 1091 12 3
N17-14.7-1 42.1 0.002 0.000 0.10 0.00006 0.0755 0.56 1.84 2.2 0.177 2.1 0.97 1049 20 1082 11 3
N17-14.8-1 34.6 0.113 0.003 0.27 0.00016 0.0750 0.55 1.89 2.6 0.182 2.6 0.98 1080 26 1069 11 -1
N17-14.10-1 39.7 0.003 0.000 0.05 0.00003 0.0759 0.49 1.97 2.4 0.188 2.3 0.98 1110 24 1092 10 -2
N17-14.11-1 42.0 0.000 0.000 0.05 0.00003 0.0755 0.48 1.98 2.5 0.190 2.5 0.98 1123 26 1082 10 -4
N17-14.13-1 36.8 0.001 0.000 0.06 0.00003 0.0751 0.50 1.90 3.0 0.183 3.0 0.99 1084 29 1070 10 -1
N17-14.16-1 39.6 0.000 0.000 0.04 0.00003 0.0746 0.56 1.83 2.5 0.178 2.5 0.97 1055 24 1056 11 0
N17-14.17-1 35.7 0.060 0.002 0.43 0.00025 0.0748 0.65 1.79 2.2 0.174 2.1 0.96 1034 20 1063 13 3
N17-14.4-1 31.3 0.147 0.005 0.65 0.00038 0.0741 1.49 1.94 2.5 0.190 2.1 0.81 1123 22 1044 30 -8
N17-14.9-1 39.1 0.033 0.001 0.09 0.00006 0.0750 0.58 1.76 2.2 0.170 2.1 0.96 1010 20 1069 12 6
N17-14.12-1 37.4 0.056 0.002 0.34 0.00020 0.0748 1.29 1.97 2.4 0.191 2.1 0.85 1125 22 1064 26 -6
N17-14.14-1 45.5 0.000 0.000 0.04 0.00003 0.0722 13.00 1.50 26.7 0.150 23.4 0.88 902 197 993 262 9
N17-14.15-1 39.9 0.814 0.021 4.86 0.00270 0.0607 2.16 1.41 2.9 0.169 2.2 0.67 1006 20 627 47 -60
Analysis notation: N17-14 is the mount number; 1-1 refers to grain number 1, first analysis on that grain.
 Errors are 1-sigma; Pbc and Pb* indicate common and radiogenic Pb, respectively.
% Discordance = [100 - (206Pb/238U age)/(207Pb/206Pb age)*100]
Error in Standard calibration was 0.92% (not included in above errors but required when comparing data from different mounts).
Common Pb corrected by assuming 206Pb/238U age-208Pb/232Th age-concordanceConcordant data
Discordance >5% and/or high common Pb data518 J.K. P ORTERAppendix E Table 2c
Analysis U (ppm) Th (ppm)232Th/ 
238U% 
206Pbc204Pb/ 
206Pb207Pb*/ 
206Pb*± %207Pb*/ 
235U± %206Pb*/ 
238U± % err. cor.206Pb*/ 
238U Age 
(Ma)± 207Pb/ 
206Pb 
Age 
(Ma)± % 
Discordance
N17-33.B2-1 49.6 0.000 0.000 1.57 0.00093 0.0771 1.4 1.93 1.9 0.182 1.7 0.7 1075 16 1124 28 4
N17-33.B2-2 49.4 0.000 0.000 1.25 0.00074 0.077 2.2 1.93 2.6 0.181 1.4 0.5 1075 14 1121 44 4
N17-33.B1-2 51.6 0.024 0.000 0.94 0.00056 0.0758 1.3 1.87 2.2 0.179 1.9 0.8 1060 18 1091 26 3
N17-33.B1-3 52.4 0.000 0.000 0.94 0.00055 0.0758 1.3 1.85 1.8 0.177 1.3 0.7 1051 13 1089 25 3
N17-33.A1-1 50.3 0.000 0.000 0.73 0.00043 0.0744 1.3 1.88 2.6 0.183 2.4 0.9 1085 24 1051 27 -3
N17-33.A2-1 57.6 0.008 0.000 1.02 0.00061 0.0759 1.3 1.84 1.8 0.176 1.4 0.7 1043 13 1091 26 4
N17-33.A3-1 52.5 0.000 0.000 1.06 0.00063 0.0753 1.2 1.79 1.8 0.173 1.3 0.7 1027 13 1078 25 5
N17-33.A5-1 55.8 0.000 0.000 1.18 0.00070 0.0762 1.2 1.90 3.3 0.181 3.3 0.9 1071 32 1100 23 3
N17-33.A5-4 55.4 0.000 0.000 0.24 0.00014 0.0746 1.1 1.90 2 0.185 1.7 0.8 1093 17 1058 22 -3
N17-33.A6-1 53.8 0.000 0.000 0.69 0.00041 0.0766 1.1 1.90 2.2 0.180 1.9 0.9 1067 19 1110 22 4
N17-33.A1-2 53.2 0.001 0.000 1.52 0.00090 0.0759 2.7 1.97 3 0.189 1.6 0.4 1114 17 1094 54 -2
N17-33.A1-4 52.9 0.000 0.000 1.69 0.00100 0.0752 1.6 1.90 2.2 0.184 1.8 0.7 1086 18 1073 33 -1
N17-33.A1-5 52.3 0.000 0.000 0.28 0.00017 0.0743 1.1 1.86 2.2 0.181 1.9 0.9 1074 19 1048 23 -2
N17-33.A1-6 52.4 0.000 0.000 0.76 0.00045 0.0765 1.9 1.98 2.3 0.187 1.4 0.6 1107 14 1108 39 0
N17-33.A7-4 58.5 0.000 0.000 0.43 0.00025 0.0748 1.2 1.80 1.8 0.174 1.4 0.7 1034 13 1064 25 3
N17-33.A7-5 55.9 0.000 0.000 0.63 0.00037 0.0741 1.3 1.74 2.6 0.170 2.2 0.9 1012 21 1043 27 3
N17-33.B1-1 47.3 0.000 0.000 9.48 0.00560 0.0733 22.9 1.90 24.5 0.188 3.5 0.5 1108 36 1022 463 -8
N17-33.A4-1 53.6 0.000 0.000 1.73 0.00100 0.0762 1.5 1.83 1.9 0.174 1.4 0.6 1033 13 1100 30 6
N17-33.A7-1 56.9 0.000 0.000 1.09 0.00065 0.0768 1.2 1.79 2.3 0.169 2 0.8 1006 19 1115 25 10
N17-33.A8-1 57.3 0.000 0.000 0.99 0.00059 0.0764 1.9 1.82 2.3 0.173 1.3 0.5 1028 12 1105 38 7
N17-33.C1-1 46.1 0.014 0.000 2.71 0.00160 0.0748 1.6 1.70 2.1 0.165 1.5 0.6 983 14 1063 33 8
N17-33.C1-2 45.8 0.004 0.000 3.12 0.00180 0.0739 3.5 1.90 3.7 0.187 1 0.3 1105 11 1039 70 -6
N17-33.C2-1 40.4 0.016 0.000 4.37 0.00260 0.0793 3.9 1.84 4.1 0.169 1.1 0.3 1004 10 1181 77 15
N17-33.C3-1 53.3 0.000 0.000 2.3 0.00140 0.0754 2.7 1.85 3 0.178 1.6 0.4 1055 15 1078 54 2
N17-33.C4-1 55.9 0.001 0.000 2.79 0.00170 0.0772 2.5 1.83 2.9 0.172 3.4 0.7 1022 33 1127 51 9
N17-33.C5-1 44.6 0.250 0.006 5.5 0.00320 0.0745 4 1.88 4.2 0.183 1.1 0.3 1082 11 1054 81 -3
N17-33.C6-1 59.4 0.000 0.000 3 0.00180 0.074 3.8 1.90 4.3 0.186 2.4 0.5 1100 24 1042 78 -6
N17-33.A5-2 56.5 0.000 0.000 1.78 0.00110 0.0772 2.3 1.96 2.6 0.184 2 0.5 1089 20 1127 46 3
N17-33.A5-3 55.2 0.000 0.000 1.93 0.00120 0.0793 2.4 2.03 2.6 0.185 4.2 0.9 1097 43 1180 47 7
N17-33.A1-3 53.5 0.001 0.000 2.17 0.00130 0.0764 2 1.96 2.5 0.186 2.4 0.6 1101 24 1105 41 0
N17-33.A7-2 54.6 0.001 0.000 0.49 0.00029 0.0757 1.2 1.79 2.2 0.172 1.9 0.8 1022 18 1086 25 6
N17-33.A7-3 53.9 0.000 0.000 0.55 0.00032 0.0763 1.2 1.79 1.8 0.17 1.3 0.7 1013 12 1103 25 8
Analysis notation: N17-33 is the mount number; B refers to the drilled plug number, 2-2 refers to grain number 2 in that plug, second analysis on that grain.
Errors are 1-sigma; Pbc and Pb* indicate common and radiogenic Pb, respectively.
% Discordance = [100 - (206Pb/238U age)/(207Pb/206Pb age)*100]
Error in Standard calibration was 0.29% (not included in above errors but required when comparing data from different mounts).
Common Pb corrected by assuming 206Pb/238U age-208Pb/232Th age-concordanceConcordant data
Discordance >5% and/or high common Pb dataAppendix E J.K. P ORTER 519Appendix E Table 2d
Analysis U (ppm) Th (ppm)232Th/ 
238U% 
206Pbc204Pb/ 
206Pb207Pb*/ 
206Pb*± %207Pb*/ 
235U± %206Pb*/ 
238U± % err. cor.206Pb*/ 
238U Age 
(Ma)± 207Pb/ 
206Pb 
Age 
(Ma)± % 
Discordance
N17-34A.1-1 61.8 0.150 0.003 0.29 0.00017 0.0752 0.97 1.83 3.0 0.176 2.8 0.95 1047 27 1074 19 3
N17-34.B1-1 70.4 0.000 0.000 0.25 0.00015 0.0748 1.00 1.79 1.6 0.173 1.2 0.77 1029 12 1063 20 3
N17-34.B2-1 69.0 0.075 0.001 0.18 0.00011 0.0746 0.89 1.92 1.9 0.187 1.7 0.89 1102 17 1059 18 -4
N17-34.B2-2 69.6 0.120 0.002 0.26 0.00015 0.0766 0.91 1.95 3.0 0.185 2.8 0.95 1093 29 1111 18 2
N17-34.A2-1 70.5 0.004 0.000 0.33 0.00019 0.0736 1.08 1.70 1.8 0.167 1.5 0.81 996 14 1032 22 3
N17-34.A2-2 66.9 0.000 0.000 0.21 0.00012 0.0743 1.05 1.73 1.6 0.169 1.3 0.76 1008 12 1050 21 4
N17-34.B6-1 61.2 0.012 0.000 0.25 0.00015 0.0758 0.92 1.96 2.4 0.188 2.2 0.92 1108 22 1090 19 -2
N17-34.B7-1 72.2 0.000 0.000 0.16 0.00010 0.0755 0.87 1.98 1.9 0.190 1.7 0.88 1121 17 1081 18 -4
N17-34.B8-1 68.0 0.000 0.000 0.31 0.00018 0.0758 1.11 1.85 2.0 0.177 1.7 0.82 1051 16 1089 22 3
N17-34.C1-1 72.2 0.000 0.000 0.39 0.00023 0.0755 1.77 1.81 2.2 0.174 1.3 0.57 1034 12 1081 36 4
N17-34.C2-1 60.3 0.003 0.000 0.27 0.00016 0.0757 0.97 1.95 2.3 0.186 2.1 0.90 1101 21 1088 20 -1
N17-34.C3-1 60.5 0.000 0.000 0.27 0.00016 0.0766 0.97 1.94 2.2 0.184 2.0 0.89 1088 20 1110 19 2
N17-34.C4-1 61.3 0.120 0.002 0.89 0.00053 0.0740 1.21 1.81 2.8 0.177 2.7 0.90 1051 26 1040 24 -1
N17-34.C5-1 63.3 0.000 0.000 0.24 0.00014 0.0767 1.89 1.94 2.6 0.183 1.8 0.68 1084 18 1114 38 3
N17-34.D1-1 63.8 0.000 0.000 0.27 0.00016 0.0755 1.05 1.85 1.8 0.178 1.5 0.82 1055 15 1082 21 2
N17-34.D2-1 66.8 0.000 0.000 0.22 0.00013 0.0742 1.01 1.80 2.1 0.176 1.9 0.88 1044 18 1047 20 0
N17-34.D3-1 77.9 0.001 0.000 0.19 0.00011 0.0762 1.00 1.91 2.0 0.182 1.7 0.86 1075 17 1102 20 2
N17-34.D4-1 71.4 0.000 0.000 0.23 0.00013 0.0758 1.02 1.88 2.0 0.180 1.7 0.86 1065 17 1090 20 2
N17-34.D5-1 67.1 0.000 0.000 0.23 0.00013 0.0760 1.58 1.84 2.4 0.176 1.8 0.74 1043 17 1094 32 5
N17-34.D6-1 67.5 0.000 0.000 0.35 0.00020 0.0737 1.07 1.81 1.6 0.179 1.3 0.76 1059 12 1032 22 -3
N17-34.E2-1 62.1 0.004 0.000 0.37 0.00022 0.0751 1.67 1.92 2.1 0.186 1.3 0.60 1097 13 1070 34 -3
N17-34.E3-1 66.4 0.000 0.000 0.36 0.00021 0.0747 1.08 1.89 2.1 0.183 1.8 0.86 1084 18 1061 22 -2
N17-34.B3-1 64.7 0.050 0.001 0.42 0.00025 0.0751 1.03 1.72 1.9 0.166 1.7 0.85 990 15 1071 21 8
N17-34.A3-1 62.1 0.062 0.001 0.3 0.00018 0.0762 1.07 1.78 2.4 0.170 2.2 0.90 1011 21 1100 21 8
N17-34.A4-1 65.0 0.000 0.000 0.14 0.00008 0.0771 0.96 1.83 2.1 0.172 1.9 0.89 1023 18 1123 19 9
N17-34.B4-1 70.1 0.000 0.000 0.29 0.00017 0.0758 1.00 1.78 1.8 0.171 1.5 0.83 1016 14 1090 20 7
N17-34.B5-1 63.1 0.000 0.000 0.29 0.00017 0.0762 1.00 1.79 2.7 0.171 2.5 0.93 1016 24 1101 20 8
N17-34.C6-1 57.9 0.042 0.001 2.37 0.00140 0.0751 1.64 1.81 2.5 0.175 2.2 0.76 1041 21 1072 33 3
N17-34.E1-1 65.1 0.000 0.000 0.22 0.00013 0.0768 1.04 1.87 1.6 0.177 1.3 0.76 1049 12 1117 21 6
N17-34.E4-1 68.4 0.000 0.000 0.53 0.00031 0.0753 1.15 1.75 1.6 0.169 1.3 0.72 1006 12 1077 23 7
Analysis notation: N17-34 is the mount number; A refers to the drilled plug number, 1-1 refers to grain number 1 in that plug, first analysis on that grain.
Errors are 1-sigma; Pbc and Pb* indicate common and radiogenic Pb, respectively.
% Discordance = [100 - (206Pb/238U age)/(207Pb/206Pb age)*100]
Error in Standard calibration was 0.43% (not included in above errors but required when comparing data from different mounts).
Common Pb corrected by assuming 206Pb/238U age-208Pb/232Th age-concordanceConcordant data
Discordance >5% and/or high common Pb data520 J.K. P ORTERAppendix E Table 2e
Analysis U (ppm) Th (ppm)232Th/ 
238U% 
206Pbc204Pb/ 
206Pb207Pb*/ 
206Pb*± %207Pb*/ 
235U± %206Pb*/ 
238U± % err. cor.206Pb*/ 
238U Age 
(Ma)± 207Pb/ 
206Pb 
Age 
(Ma)± % 
Discordance
N17-35.E2-1 51.0 0.008 0.000 0.23 0.00014 0.0748 2.0 1.79 2.4 0.173 1.3 0.5 1029 13 1063 41 3
N17-35.E2-2 52.7 0.061 0.001 0.38 0.00023 0.0756 1.4 1.81 2.3 0.173 1.9 0.8 1030 18 1084 27 5
N17-35.C2-1 47.9 0.002 0.000 0.16 0.00009 0.0747 1.1 1.80 3.2 0.175 3.0 0.9 1039 28 1061 23 2
N17-35.C4-1 58.9 0.008 0.000 0.25 0.00015 0.0747 2.3 1.84 2.9 0.179 1.8 0.6 1060 18 1062 46 0
N17-35.C4-3 59.5 0.000 0.000 0.23 0.00014 0.0763 1.2 1.90 2.2 0.180 1.9 0.9 1069 19 1102 24 3
N17-35.A1-1 57.4 0.023 0.000 0.18 0.00011 0.0759 1.2 1.87 1.8 0.179 1.3 0.7 1059 13 1092 23 3
N17-35.A1-4 56.1 0.020 0.000 0.17 0.00010 0.0758 1.1 1.89 2.6 0.181 2.3 0.9 1071 23 1090 22 2
N17-35.D1-1 55.2 0.000 0.000 0.23 0.00014 0.0747 1.2 1.87 2.1 0.181 1.8 0.8 1073 17 1061 24 -1
N17-35.E1-1 48.4 0.000 0.000 0.65 0.00038 0.0744 1.4 1.76 1.9 0.172 1.4 0.7 1020 14 1052 28 3
N17-35.E1-2 47.1 0.025 0.001 0.34 0.00020 0.0753 1.4 1.73 2.7 0.167 2.4 0.9 994 22 1076 28 8
N17-35.E2-3 51.9 0.000 0.000 0.22 0.00013 0.0766 1.2 1.86 2.2 0.176 1.9 0.8 1047 19 1110 24 6
N17-35.C1-1 50.8 0.005 0.000 0.19 0.00011 0.0758 2.1 1.71 2.4 0.164 1.3 0.5 979 12 1090 41 10
N17-35.C1-2 52.8 0.372 0.007 0.49 0.00029 0.0736 1.3 1.70 2.3 0.167 2.0 0.8 996 18 1030 26 3
N17-35.C2-3 50.5 0.105 0.002 0.33 0.00019 0.0763 1.2 1.84 2.1 0.175 1.8 0.8 1041 17 1103 24 6
N17-35.C3-1 56.0 0.000 0.000 0.14 0.00008 0.075 1.3 1.66 2.9 0.161 2.7 0.9 960 24 1070 26 10
N17-35.C3-2 64.1 0.017 0.000 0.25 0.00015 0.079 2.0 1.83 2.4 0.168 1.4 0.6 1000 13 1172 39 15
N17-35.C4-2 55.1 0.002 0.000 0.72 0.00043 0.0769 2.1 1.85 2.7 0.175 2.0 0.6 1039 19 1118 41 7
N17-35.C5-1 54.2 0.037 0.001 0.23 0.00013 0.0768 1.3 1.65 1.8 0.156 1.3 0.7 933 12 1115 26 16
N17-35.B1-2 58.1 0.000 0.000 0.23 0.00014 0.0772 1.3 1.74 1.8 0.164 1.4 0.7 977 12 1127 25 13
N17-35.B1-3 58.8 0.010 0.000 0.18 0.00011 0.0763 1.2 1.82 2.2 0.173 1.8 0.8 1029 18 1104 24 7
N17-35.B1-4 58.7 0.021 0.000 1.11 0.00066 0.0753 1.4 1.70 1.9 0.164 1.4 0.7 978 13 1075 29 9
N17-35.B2-1 51.7 0.089 0.002 0.57 0.00034 0.0754 1.3 1.80 3.1 0.173 2.9 0.9 1029 28 1078 27 5
N17-35.A1-2 52.3 0.000 0.000 0.15 0.00009 0.0771 1.2 1.76 2.4 0.165 2.1 0.9 986 19 1124 24 12
N17-35.A1-3 58.7 0.000 0.000 0.12 0.00007 0.0775 1.2 1.77 2.0 0.166 1.7 0.8 990 15 1134 24 13
Analysis notation: N17-35 is the mount number; E refers to the drilled plug number, 2-1 refers to grain number 2 in that plug, first analysis on that grain.
Errors are 1-sigma; Pbc and Pb* indicate common and radiogenic Pb, respectively.
% Discordance = [100 - (206Pb/238U age)/(207Pb/206Pb age)*100]
Error in Standard calibration was 0.50% (not included in above errors but required when comparing data from different mounts).
Common Pb corrected by assuming 206Pb/238U age-208Pb/232Th age-concordanceConcordant data
Discordance >5% and/or high common Pb dataAppendix E J.K. P ORTER 521E.3. TABLE 3-RUTILE TRACE ELEMENT DATA (PPM)Appendix E Table 3 Page  1 of 10
BLOD: below level of detection, 
NaN: not a numberSample Source file Mount Duration(s) Rock typeSpotsize 
(µm)Rock 
unitMg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu
RI-1a N17-13.AS1 - 1 N17-13 17.147 albitite 23 Ringsjø 497 184 BLOD BLOD 830 48.3 588000 3660 2227 470 1.73 6.1
RI-1a N17-13.AS - 1 N17-13 17.056 albitite 23 Ringsjø 700 540 BLOD BLOD 3840 48.5 607000 3720 1918 490 7.2 7.5
RI-1a N17-13.AS - 2 N17-13 16.562 albitite 23 Ringsjø 140 BLOD BLOD BLOD BLOD 47.6 604000 3747 2200 455 0.57 6.4
RI-1a N17-13.AS2 - 1 N17-13 17.371 albitite 23 Ringsjø 760 159 9400 BLOD 1060 15 598000 3317 1856 520 BLOD 6.1
RI-1a N17-13.AS3 - 1 N17-13 17.462 albitite 23 Ringsjø 304 74 BLOD BLOD 600 34 602000 3261 1929 350 BLOD 6.2
RI-1a N17-13.AS3 - 2 N17-13 16.832 albitite 23 Ringsjø 142 BLOD BLOD BLOD BLOD 58.6 588000 4160 2246 1110 BLOD 5.6
RI-1a N17-13.CS5 - 1 N17-13 16.426 albitite 23 Ringsjø 195 69 BLOD 4 BLOD 20.7 590000 4140 1890 9300 BLOD 5.3
RI-1a N17-13.CS6 - 1 N17-13 16.832 albitite 23 Ringsjø 125.4 BLOD BLOD 3.3 BLOD 32.2 594000 3690 1981 800 BLOD 7
RI-1a N17-13.CS6 - 2 N17-13 17.101 albitite 23 Ringsjø 253 36 BLOD BLOD BLOD 40.1 605000 3792 2129 320 BLOD 5.3
RI-1a N17-13.CS7 - 1 N17-13 17.552 albitite 23 Ringsjø 620 570 9800 BLOD 1880 21 580000 3710 1961 530 1.09 5.7
RI-1a N17-13.CS7 - 2 N17-13 17.101 albitite 23 Ringsjø 253 30 BLOD 5.1 BLOD 30.6 587000 3643 2224 350 BLOD 4.8
RI-1a N17-13.CS8 - 1 N17-13 17.147 albitite 23 Ringsjø 187 20.6 BLOD 3.5 BLOD 31.2 591000 4130 2276 420 BLOD 4.3
RI-1a N17-13.BS4 - 1 N17-13 15.902 albitite 23 Ringsjø 324 65 BLOD BLOD BLOD 56.3 592000 4130 2221 361 BLOD 6
RI-1a N17-13.BS4 - 2 N17-13 16.562 albitite 23 Ringsjø 144 18.9 BLOD BLOD BLOD 58.6 596800 4250 2234 580 BLOD 5.6
RI-1a N17-13.BS4 - 3 N17-13 17.282 albitite 23 Ringsjø 117 BLOD BLOD BLOD BLOD 44.6 589000 4330 2102 540 BLOD 5.7
RI-1a N17-13.BS4 - 4 N17-13 16.967 albitite 23 Ringsjø 121.8 BLOD BLOD BLOD BLOD 58.2 593200 4254 2275 561 BLOD 6
RI-1a N17-13.BS - 1 N17-13 16.425 albitite 23 Ringsjø 110.7 BLOD BLOD BLOD BLOD 43.2 616000 4180 2168 410 BLOD 5.3
RI-1a N17-13.ES11 - 1 N17-13 16.967 albitite 23 Ringsjø 148.9 BLOD BLOD BLOD BLOD 47.2 620800 4160 2148 590 BLOD 5.6
RI-1a N17-13.ES11 - 2 N17-13 16.426 albitite 23 Ringsjø 119.6 BLOD 4300 BLOD BLOD 45.5 607000 4120 2187 580 BLOD 5.4
RI-1a N17-13.ES10 - 1 N17-13 16.697 albitite 23 Ringsjø 144 165 BLOD BLOD 2280 46.1 606000 3996 2230 880 BLOD 5.9
RI-1a N17-13.ES10 - 2 N17-13 16.877 albitite 23 Ringsjø 145 BLOD BLOD BLOD BLOD 45.4 611200 4169 2273 800 BLOD 6.11
RI-1a N17-13.ES9 - 1 N17-13 17.552 albitite 23 Ringsjø 136 BLOD BLOD BLOD BLOD 41.2 624000 4185 2150 720 BLOD 6.8
RI-1a N17-13.ES9 - 2 N17-13 17.192 albitite 23 Ringsjø 138 12.2 3500 BLOD 1350 43.4 629000 4210 2140 550 BLOD 5.08
RI-1a N17-13.ES - 1 N17-13 17.102 albitite 23 Ringsjø 120.1 BLOD BLOD BLOD BLOD 40.9 607500 4079 2268 540 BLOD 5.36
RI-1a N17-13.F12 - 1 N17-13 17.732 albitite 23 Ringsjø 172 BLOD BLOD BLOD BLOD 58.5 623000 4350 2308 400 BLOD 5.9
RI-1a N17-13.F12 - 2 N17-13 17.147 albitite 23 Ringsjø 133 BLOD BLOD BLOD BLOD 57.6 606000 4266 2287 470 BLOD 4.5
RI-1a N17-13.F13 - 1 N17-13 17.162 albitite 23 Ringsjø 198 33 BLOD BLOD BLOD 60.6 609000 4180 2333 350 1.8 4.9
RI-1a N17-13.F13 - 2 N17-13 17.237 albitite 23 Ringsjø 159 21 BLOD BLOD BLOD 62.8 621300 4347 2407 590 BLOD 5.4
RI-1a N17-13.F14 - 1 N17-13 16.922 albitite 23 Ringsjø 159 20 BLOD BLOD BLOD 63.9 607000 4200 2343 440 BLOD 4.9
RI-1a N17-13.F14 - 2 N17-13 17.102 albitite 23 Ringsjø 125 BLOD BLOD BLOD BLOD 59.4 605700 4178 2273 490 0.88 4.91
RI-1a N17-13.G - 1 N17-13 17.192 albitite 23 Ringsjø 204 27 BLOD BLOD BLOD 33.4 609000 3660 2040 297 BLOD 6.1
RI-1a N17-13.G - 2 N17-13 16.478 albitite 23 Ringsjø 146 13.7 BLOD BLOD BLOD 41.4 607000 3690 2079 365 BLOD 4.7
RI-1a N17-13.D - 1 N17-13 17.237 albitite 23 Ringsjø 113.3 15.8 BLOD BLOD BLOD 56.6 622000 4030 1273 752 0.9 4.26
RI-1a N17-13.D - 2 N17-13 17.462 albitite 23 Ringsjø 119 BLOD 3900 BLOD BLOD 57.8 609000 4200 1287 777 BLOD 5.8
RI-1a N17-13.D - 3 N17-13 17.372 albitite 23 Ringsjø 107.6 BLOD BLOD BLOD BLOD 49.1 616000 4140 1029 730 BLOD 5.5
RI-1a N17-13.D - 4 N17-13 17.642 albitite 23 Ringsjø 116.1 BLOD BLOD BLOD BLOD 44.4 615000 3990 1010 740 BLOD 6.2
RI-1b N17-14.16S - 1 N17-14 16.381 metagabbro 23 Ringsjø 140 21.3 BLOD 0 BLOD 6.81 597000 1681 261 1460 BLOD 5.8
RI-1b N17-14.16S - 2 N17-14 17.012 metagabbro 23 Ringsjø 119.2 68 BLOD 0 2250 6.57 602000 1651 263.8 1011 BLOD 5.48
RI-1b N17-14.E - 1 N17-14 17.192 metagabbro 23 Ringsjø 215 4660 37300 0 45300 143.1 611000 2172 310 3570 BLOD 5.6524 J.K. P ORTERAppendix E Table 3 Page  2 of 10
BLOD: below level of detection, 
NaN: not a numberSample Source file
RI-1a N17-13.AS1 - 1
RI-1a N17-13.AS - 1
RI-1a N17-13.AS - 2
RI-1a N17-13.AS2 - 1
RI-1a N17-13.AS3 - 1
RI-1a N17-13.AS3 - 2
RI-1a N17-13.CS5 - 1
RI-1a N17-13.CS6 - 1
RI-1a N17-13.CS6 - 2
RI-1a N17-13.CS7 - 1
RI-1a N17-13.CS7 - 2
RI-1a N17-13.CS8 - 1
RI-1a N17-13.BS4 - 1
RI-1a N17-13.BS4 - 2
RI-1a N17-13.BS4 - 3
RI-1a N17-13.BS4 - 4
RI-1a N17-13.BS - 1
RI-1a N17-13.ES11 - 1
RI-1a N17-13.ES11 - 2
RI-1a N17-13.ES10 - 1
RI-1a N17-13.ES10 - 2
RI-1a N17-13.ES9 - 1
RI-1a N17-13.ES9 - 2
RI-1a N17-13.ES - 1
RI-1a N17-13.F12 - 1
RI-1a N17-13.F12 - 2
RI-1a N17-13.F13 - 1
RI-1a N17-13.F13 - 2
RI-1a N17-13.F14 - 1
RI-1a N17-13.F14 - 2
RI-1a N17-13.G - 1
RI-1a N17-13.G - 2
RI-1a N17-13.D - 1
RI-1a N17-13.D - 2
RI-1a N17-13.D - 3
RI-1a N17-13.D - 4
RI-1b N17-14.16S - 1
RI-1b N17-14.16S - 2
RI-1b N17-14.E - 1Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U
20.2 2.48 1646 734 4 29.6 6.85 60.6 12.63 21.4 BLOD 74.3 6.88 0.27 0.0108 0.89 61.3
17 10 1654 753 2.61 26.7 6.08 58.5 12.18 25.5 BLOD 59.5 5.63 0.68 BLOD 1.34 57.5
16.8 0.78 1544 732 3.71 27.7 7.55 52.4 9.81 15.7 BLOD 53.6 4.63 BLOD BLOD BLOD 47.7
16 0.097 647 673 7.9 34.9 8.15 33.7 19.03 27.8 BLOD 100.3 9.23 0.7 BLOD 0.148 76.9
14.1 1.21 1011 516 5.2 25 8.6 33.8 7.71 26.2 BLOD 82.1 7.7 BLOD BLOD 0.115 69.3
17.3 0.137 1254 639 3.3 26.6 7.15 46.7 10.82 18 BLOD 61.1 5.35 BLOD BLOD BLOD 50.8
19.3 23.8 1480 727 3.61 23.3 7.8 63 16.07 26.5 BLOD 72 6.2 0.18 BLOD 0.178 62
15.8 0.71 921 568 2.43 23 8.71 37.6 9.96 24.1 BLOD 58.9 5.18 0.31 BLOD 0.069 52.5
17.1 0.137 913 615 3.08 26.1 9.5 35.4 10.28 16.8 BLOD 69.5 5.87 BLOD BLOD BLOD 51.3
16.9 3.3 1050 668 3.03 19.1 5.13 43.8 14.74 27.9 BLOD 46.1 4.4 0.37 BLOD 0.07 43.9
15.4 0.145 848 499 3.07 25.8 7.42 26.2 5.51 7.94 BLOD 62.5 5.13 BLOD BLOD BLOD 47.7
14.3 0.182 1548 739 2.32 26.1 6.19 53.7 14.69 18.7 18 54.6 4.09 BLOD BLOD 0.078 46.3
19.9 0.24 1648 688 3.05 28.9 6.85 57.6 13.48 28.9 BLOD 58.1 5.43 0.39 BLOD 0.103 46.1
17 0.079 1678 634.5 3.86 25 5.73 56 12.81 29.2 BLOD 46.6 3.67 BLOD BLOD BLOD 44.5
14.8 BLOD 1732 709 2.61 27 5.91 66.2 25.15 40.2 BLOD 51.4 4.75 BLOD BLOD 0.117 44.7
17.8 0.107 1779 687 3.34 26.6 6.08 64.7 13.68 28.6 BLOD 50.1 4.34 BLOD BLOD BLOD 48.1
16.7 BLOD 1219 438 2.62 25.2 6.63 37.4 10.87 24.2 BLOD 52.5 4.64 BLOD BLOD BLOD 46.2
18.6 0.126 1215 518.4 2.61 23.1 6.26 40.4 9.95 26.8 BLOD 47.5 4.6 BLOD BLOD 0.052 48.7
15.7 0.067 1221 637 3.36 26.6 7.39 45.3 17.62 28.6 BLOD 56.5 4.52 BLOD BLOD BLOD 50
16 8.8 1278 655 2.92 27.5 5.47 45.7 13.4 26 BLOD 48.3 5.08 BLOD BLOD 0.107 47.5
16.7 BLOD 1293 699 2.65 30.2 6.72 50.1 17.54 33.8 BLOD 53.3 5.14 BLOD BLOD BLOD 47.7
18.3 BLOD 1565 539 2.46 25.7 7.5 51.4 8.59 26.6 BLOD 57.6 4.79 BLOD BLOD BLOD 46.5
20 2 1542 498 2.7 26.2 6.56 48.6 8.66 25.4 BLOD 50 4.53 BLOD BLOD BLOD 47.4
15.6 0.078 1375 575 4.09 27.2 7.42 45.8 14.16 29.8 BLOD 58.6 5.04 BLOD BLOD BLOD 44.9
16.9 BLOD 1111 603 2.92 30 7.07 40.2 10.26 25.6 BLOD 56.7 5.86 BLOD BLOD BLOD 45.7
16.4 0.26 1172 632 3.6 27.2 7.67 45.3 11.97 25.1 BLOD 58.8 5.35 BLOD BLOD BLOD 44.8
16.4 0.137 1806 696 2.4 28.2 7.06 51.9 11.02 25.8 BLOD 55.3 5.19 BLOD BLOD BLOD 44.3
15.8 0.077 1915 706 2.87 28.7 7.51 59.8 11.45 24.5 BLOD 56.7 5.32 BLOD BLOD BLOD 43.3
16 0.151 1453 654 2.49 26.4 7.39 54.1 11.75 29.1 BLOD 58.4 5.05 BLOD BLOD 0.118 44.5
16.2 0.106 1007 712 2.75 26.4 7.03 35.8 8.92 19.8 BLOD 53.3 4.92 BLOD BLOD 0.043 43.3
15.8 0.126 1441 723 4.11 25.9 6.76 49.4 12.83 29.7 BLOD 59.4 6.42 0.23 BLOD 0.323 48.6
15.4 0.108 1496 759 2.9 23.1 7.17 51.7 13.4 27.9 BLOD 57.5 5.3 BLOD BLOD BLOD 48.3
16.2 0.117 1591 251.7 3.09 28.9 6.27 31 3.38 24.6 BLOD 55.8 5.29 BLOD BLOD BLOD 45.4
17.2 BLOD 1739 253 2.55 27.1 6.89 39.3 4.84 31.5 BLOD 54.3 4.98 BLOD 0.003 BLOD 44.5
15.9 0.4 1464 220.3 1.79 21.4 6.03 41.5 7.03 36.2 BLOD 55.2 5.32 BLOD BLOD BLOD 47
16.2 0.36 544 43.7 4.6 23.7 8.07 8.4 0.134 6.8 BLOD 51.2 4.48 BLOD BLOD BLOD 41.6
14.4 0.168 1524 297.7 4.12 21.9 5.76 35.7 13.93 30.9 BLOD 56.7 5.26 BLOD BLOD BLOD 54.6
14.6 0.19 1478 267.2 3.74 21.9 6.12 34.4 10.22 30.9 BLOD 58.6 5.67 BLOD BLOD 0.043 54.6
17.2 259.3 1905 339 4.2 32.4 6.22 49.2 11.81 37.9 BLOD 73.5 14 12.1 BLOD 4.13 54.5Appendix E J.K. P ORTER 525Appendix E Table 3 Page  3 of 10
BLOD: below level of detection, 
NaN: not a numberSample Source file Mount Duration(s) Rock typeSpotsize 
(µm)Rock 
unitMg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu
RI-1b N17-14.E - 2 N17-14 17.191 metagabbro 23 Ringsjø 153.5 3740 20600 0 39000 103 593700 1914 246.7 2940 0.91 5.5
RI-1b N17-14.D10S - 1 N17-14 17.192 metagabbro 23 Ringsjø 222 161 BLOD 0 990 5.21 590000 1077 74.2 1700 BLOD 6.9
RI-1b N17-14.D10S - 2 N17-14 17.192 metagabbro 23 Ringsjø 122.9 BLOD BLOD 0 BLOD 3.96 594300 1066 69.6 1860 BLOD 6.03
RI-1b N17-14.D13S - 1 N17-14 17.192 metagabbro 23 Ringsjø 143 47.4 BLOD 0 BLOD 3.48 601000 1049 75.9 1650 BLOD 6
RI-1b N17-14.D13S - 2 N17-14 17.191 metagabbro 23 Ringsjø 160 182 BLOD 0 BLOD 3.35 591900 1061 79.2 1610 BLOD 6.8
RI-1b N17-14.D11S - 1 N17-14 17.191 metagabbro 23 Ringsjø 137 45.6 BLOD 0 BLOD 4.55 604000 1068 93.7 1900 BLOD 6
RI-1b N17-14.D11S - 2 N17-14 17.191 metagabbro 23 Ringsjø 123 30.8 BLOD 0 BLOD 4.11 609000 1098 89.5 1580 BLOD 6.4
RI-1b N17-14.D12S - 1 N17-14 17.192 metagabbro 23 Ringsjø 142 472 BLOD 0 5070 15.7 600900 1112 74.2 2350 0.58 7.7
RI-1b N17-14.D15S - 1 N17-14 17.191 metagabbro 23 Ringsjø 166 351 BLOD 0 3050 10 594700 1083 84.9 1370 BLOD 7.1
RI-1b N17-14.D15S - 2 N17-14 17.192 metagabbro 23 Ringsjø 117.3 48 BLOD 0 BLOD 4.6 602000 1109 93.7 1680 BLOD 5.1
RI-1b N17-14.D14S - 1 N17-14 17.191 metagabbro 23 Ringsjø 200 46 BLOD 0 BLOD 2.3 599000 1110 103.2 1950 BLOD 7.2
RI-1b N17-14.C7S - 1 N17-14 17.192 metagabbro 23 Ringsjø 199 80 BLOD 0 BLOD 3.25 590000 1107 103 1830 BLOD 6.7
RI-1b N17-14.C7S - 2 N17-14 17.192 metagabbro 23 Ringsjø 123.5 32.2 BLOD 0 BLOD 4.06 611000 1081 101.7 1630 BLOD 6.3
RI-1b N17-14.C8S - 1 N17-14 17.192 metagabbro 23 Ringsjø 650 860 10700 0 4400 4.31 594000 1028 126.2 1510 1.19 6.9
RI-1b N17-14.C9S - 1 N17-14 17.192 metagabbro 23 Ringsjø 234 47.6 BLOD 0 BLOD 3.48 598000 1010 105.5 3660 1.03 7.2
RI-1b N17-14.C9S - 2 N17-14 17.192 metagabbro 23 Ringsjø 129 1070 BLOD 0 8200 11.9 594000 1039 103.5 1950 BLOD 5.8
RI-1b N17-14.B4S - 1 N17-14 16.832 metagabbro 23 Ringsjø 254 94 BLOD 0 730 7.4 594000 1778 168.4 1540 BLOD 6
RI-1b N17-14.B4S - 2 N17-14 16.471 metagabbro 23 Ringsjø 108.9 50.3 BLOD 0 BLOD 6.67 594000 1728 158.9 1434 0.49 5.1
RI-1b N17-14.B4S - 3 N17-14 17.192 metagabbro 23 Ringsjø 260 47 BLOD 0 BLOD 4.7 598000 1759 173 1610 BLOD 5.9
RI-1b N17-14.B5S - 1 N17-14 17.192 metagabbro 23 Ringsjø 745 520 14500 0 4500 10.2 599000 1944 243.1 1550 0.94 7.2
RI-1b N17-14.B6S - 1 N17-14 17.192 metagabbro 23 Ringsjø 610 132 5300 BLOD 880 5.45 606700 1467 85.3 1900 0.9 7.3
RI-1b N17-14.B6S - 2 N17-14 17.192 metagabbro 23 Ringsjø 290 185 BLOD BLOD 910 5.49 605000 1422 84.6 1350 0.93 5.5
RI-1b N17-14.A1S - 1 N17-14 17.192 metagabbro 23 Ringsjø 188 41 BLOD BLOD BLOD 2.24 597000 1117 114.5 1970 BLOD 6.3
RI-1b N17-14.A2S - 1 N17-14 17.192 metagabbro 23 Ringsjø 155 424 BLOD BLOD 2510 2.82 603000 1020 111.5 1660 BLOD 7.2
RI-1b N17-14.A3S - 1 N17-14 17.191 metagabbro 23 Ringsjø 249 108 5400 BLOD 720 3.48 599200 1026 119.4 2270 BLOD 6.8
RI-1b N17-14.A4 - 1 N17-14 17.192 metagabbro 23 Ringsjø 113.8 360 4800 BLOD 4100 8.9 579000 1034 120.3 2180 BLOD 6.1
RI-1b N17-14.A4 - 2 N17-14 17.192 metagabbro 23 Ringsjø 189 1581 20000 BLOD 19040 50 587500 1310 121.2 2660 0.51 6.7
RI-1b N17-14.F17S - 1 N17-14 17.192 metagabbro 23 Ringsjø 265 313 BLOD BLOD 2610 14.1 602000 1814 228.4 1330 0.87 6.6
RI-1b N17-14.F2 - 1 N17-14 17.192 metagabbro 23 Ringsjø 427 263 6400 BLOD 1340 14.6 598000 1996 336.2 1180 1.74 5.6
RI07-09-A N17-34.A1 - 1 N17-34 27.678 ødegårite 33 Ringsjø 137 83 BLOD BLOD BLOD 4.2 585000 941 193.3 2560 1.46 4.8
RI07-09-A N17-34.A2 - 1 N17-34 27.679 ødegårite 33 Ringsjø 400 320 BLOD BLOD BLOD BLOD 597000 925 191.4 5080 BLOD BLOD
RI07-09-A N17-34.A2 - 2 N17-34 27.678 ødegårite 33 Ringsjø 134 67.5 BLOD BLOD BLOD 3.64 594000 936 188.5 3430 1.33 BLOD
RI07-09-A N17-34.A3 - 1 N17-34 27.679 ødegårite 33 Ringsjø 133 34 BLOD BLOD BLOD BLOD 577000 870 168.5 4560 BLOD 4.3
RI07-09-A N17-34.A4 - 1 N17-34 27.679 ødegårite 33 Ringsjø 131 99 BLOD BLOD BLOD BLOD 612000 985 201.5 2650 BLOD BLOD
RI07-09-A N17-34.B1 - 1 N17-34 27.678 ødegårite 33 Ringsjø 133.8 63.6 BLOD BLOD BLOD BLOD 612000 1070 215.2 2610 BLOD 4.5
RI07-09-A N17-34.B1 - 2 N17-34 27.678 ødegårite 33 Ringsjø 133.1 82 BLOD BLOD BLOD 3.29 599000 1028 204.9 4460 BLOD 4.1
RI07-09-A N17-34.B1 - 3 N17-34 27.679 ødegårite 33 Ringsjø 136 87.2 BLOD BLOD BLOD 2.91 607000 1048 202.4 2470 BLOD 4.9
RI07-09-A N17-34.B3 - 1 N17-34 27.678 ødegårite 33 Ringsjø 211 248 BLOD 0 BLOD 3.5 607000 1053 102.3 2840 BLOD BLOD
RI07-09-A N17-34.B4 - 1 N17-34 27.678 ødegårite 33 Ringsjø 523 753 12400 0 6160 BLOD 599000 1041 105.7 6850 1.18 BLOD526 J.K. P ORTERAppendix E Table 3 Page  4 of 10
B
LOD: below level of detection, 
NaN: not a numberSample Source file
RI-1b N17-14.E - 2
RI-1b N17-14.D10S - 1
RI-1b N17-14.D10S - 2
RI-1b N17-14.D13S - 1
RI-1b N17-14.D13S - 2
RI-1b N17-14.D11S - 1
RI-1b N17-14.D11S - 2
RI-1b N17-14.D12S - 1
RI-1b N17-14.D15S - 1
RI-1b N17-14.D15S - 2
RI-1b N17-14.D14S - 1
RI-1b N17-14.C7S - 1
RI-1b N17-14.C7S - 2
RI-1b N17-14.C8S - 1
RI-1b N17-14.C9S - 1
RI-1b N17-14.C9S - 2
RI-1b N17-14.B4S - 1
RI-1b N17-14.B4S - 2
RI-1b N17-14.B4S - 3
RI-1b N17-14.B5S - 1
RI-1b N17-14.B6S - 1
RI-1b N17-14.B6S - 2
RI-1b N17-14.A1S - 1
RI-1b N17-14.A2S - 1
RI-1b N17-14.A3S - 1
RI-1b N17-14.A4 - 1
RI-1b N17-14.A4 - 2
RI-1b N17-14.F17S - 1
RI-1b N17-14.F2 - 1
RI07-09-A N17-34.A1 - 1
RI07-09-A N17-34.A2 - 1
RI07-09-A N17-34.A2 - 2
RI07-09-A N17-34.A3 - 1
RI07-09-A N17-34.A4 - 1
RI07-09-A N17-34.B1 - 1
RI07-09-A N17-34.B1 - 2
RI07-09-A N17-34.B1 - 3
RI07-09-A N17-34.B3 - 1
RI07-09-A N17-34.B4 - 1Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U
15.8 250 1321 238.1 4 27.8 5.23 34.9 5.89 29.6 BLOD 64.7 11.07 7.8 BLOD 2.9 53.4
16.4 5.7 1482 310.6 4.78 22.4 5.31 28.1 11.4 36.1 BLOD 56.8 6 0.37 BLOD 0.053 57.4
16.4 0.94 1519 303.3 4.15 25.6 5.64 29 18.19 35.1 BLOD 71.1 7.34 BLOD BLOD BLOD 63
15 1 1768 381.8 4.41 25.9 5.27 35.4 11.91 38.9 BLOD 61.2 5.71 BLOD BLOD BLOD 60.2
14.1 1.09 1685 381.7 4.19 29.9 6.15 33.6 9.58 35.9 BLOD 69.9 6.18 BLOD BLOD 0.335 60.6
18.1 0.085 1667 361.5 4.57 24.7 5.92 31.8 17.22 43.8 BLOD 65.5 6.08 0.19 BLOD BLOD 60.6
17.2 BLOD 1691 383.7 4.53 25.3 6.19 31.6 14.73 38.8 BLOD 69.2 6.74 BLOD BLOD BLOD 63.3
15.7 30 1688 291 5.1 24.8 5.02 33 24.83 42.6 BLOD 61.2 6.5 0.71 BLOD 0.45 60.4
16.3 14.4 1165 191.8 3.67 22.1 5.23 19.2 7.84 21.6 BLOD 63.9 6.29 0.65 BLOD 0.735 61.9
16.3 1.09 1201 249.2 4.88 22.4 5.24 22.4 6.01 24.5 BLOD 68.2 7.3 BLOD BLOD BLOD 60.9
20.7 1.16 1544 397 5.4 21.3 6.15 27.6 15.99 40.6 BLOD 76.8 6.68 BLOD BLOD BLOD 65.1
18.5 0.82 1466 295.7 4.32 19.5 6.2 31.9 9.36 31.5 BLOD 67.1 7.4 BLOD BLOD BLOD 59.7
17.1 1.1 1367 265.5 3.61 19.6 6.72 27.9 8.04 33 BLOD 69.9 6.69 BLOD BLOD BLOD 61.7
17.7 2.93 1640 363.9 5.1 21.4 5.67 37.7 17.86 39.2 BLOD 66.4 5.96 0.7 BLOD 0.23 60
19.8 0.2 1672 731 4.3 17.7 5.89 37.2 31.6 35.9 BLOD 55.1 4.99 BLOD BLOD 0.046 56.3
16.1 58 1623 662 3.8 21.1 5.7 37.9 26.6 33.9 BLOD 59.7 6.4 1.93 BLOD 1.63 51.9
16.2 5.2 990 180.2 3.21 18.31 5.03 22.6 6.68 19.8 BLOD 55.9 5.91 0.95 BLOD 0.39 50.6
16.4 BLOD 1185 201.7 3.97 19.4 5.8 24.2 8.01 22.4 BLOD 56.1 5.55 BLOD BLOD BLOD 51.2
14.9 3.01 1400 245.8 4.5 20.7 6.19 26.5 11.34 25.7 BLOD 59.7 5.28 0.2 BLOD 0.051 51.3
16 6.4 1517 274.4 3.94 23.6 5.46 34.8 20.51 28.9 BLOD 64.1 6.4 0.85 BLOD 0.53 51.3
16.9 2.72 1661 299 3.5 23.4 6.91 37.2 11.6 23.9 BLOD 70 6.16 0.49 BLOD 0.086 57.6
18.1 2.66 1642 290.5 3.62 26.3 6.23 38.5 14.93 29.7 BLOD 75.6 6.87 0.47 0.0098 0.202 55.3
15.2 0.097 1400 471 5.6 18.6 5.78 30.7 15.64 40.2 BLOD 70.1 6.52 BLOD BLOD BLOD 63.8
16.4 6.3 1452 676 5 17.9 5.83 32 19.68 41.9 BLOD 66.4 5.8 0.33 BLOD 0.296 61
18.7 5.9 1458 878 5.8 22.1 5.99 32.8 95.8 45.3 BLOD 75.6 6.57 0.78 BLOD 2.25 68.3
15.3 40 1398 869 4.71 19 5.58 27.3 136.7 43.1 BLOD 70.7 6.8 1.11 BLOD 0.78 58.6
18 131.2 1417 819 5.43 21.7 5.76 27.6 123.9 41.9 BLOD 76.7 8.91 3.79 BLOD 1.67 63.9
17.6 16.6 2158 405.6 4.04 19.8 4.35 56.1 10.73 36.4 BLOD 47.4 3.97 0.46 BLOD 0.296 56.2
15.8 8.6 1980 168.2 3.99 25.6 6 57.1 3.19 33.7 BLOD 64.6 6.17 0.5 BLOD 0.121 56.2
10.7 0.23 1363 532 31.3 14.1 9.31 32.1 15.81 72.1 BLOD 93.7 8.5 BLOD 0.055 0.095 100.3
11.6 0.49 1158 533 33.6 14.2 9.31 28.3 12.31 62 BLOD 98.9 9.7 BLOD 0.084 0.115 108.5
12.2 BLOD 1168 579 33.5 13.4 8.88 32.5 15.42 61.5 BLOD 94.8 9 BLOD 0.036 BLOD 101.7
12.9 0.31 1128 513 33.3 14.5 9.05 26.1 11.54 56.3 BLOD 93 8.6 BLOD 0.04 BLOD 101.1
11.1 BLOD 1190 641 35 14.8 9.59 30.9 11.25 64.9 BLOD 91.4 8.6 BLOD 0.02 BLOD 99.7
9.8 0.59 1608 393 36.2 15.3 8.69 46.6 13.74 74.2 BLOD 92.6 9.8 BLOD 0.03 0.107 104.8
9 BLOD 1502 378 32.1 14.4 8.8 41.7 10.33 64 BLOD 101.2 9.4 BLOD 0.108 4.19 108.1
9.3 0.22 1620 399 36.2 13.6 9.24 45.1 10.78 61.8 BLOD 91.9 9.2 BLOD 0.048 0.207 103.2
BLOD 0.84 1952 489 32.2 15.6 9.9 57.3 18.97 78.6 BLOD 108.8 8.27 BLOD 0.28 0.149 111.2
BLOD 3.65 1560 368.6 28.3 16.2 11.5 40.4 10.98 67.3 BLOD 110.4 9.4 BLOD 0.23 0.97 109.3Appendix E J.K. P ORTER 527Appendix E Table 3 Page  5 of 10
BLOD: below level of detection, 
NaN: not a numberSample Source file Mount Duration(s) Rock typeSpotsize 
(µm)Rock 
unitMg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu
RI07-09-A N17-34.B5 - 1 N17-34 27.678 ødegårite 33 Ringsjø 127.6 42.1 14500 3.1 BLOD BLOD 602000 1018 106.6 2460 BLOD 3.7
RI07-09-A N17-34.B6 - 1 N17-34 27.678 ødegårite 33 Ringsjø 128 60 9800 0 BLOD 3.1 627000 1083 115.6 2290 BLOD BLOD
RI07-09-A N17-34.B7 - 1 N17-34 27.679 ødegårite 33 Ringsjø 210 100 BLOD 4.2 BLOD BLOD 610000 1087 197.7 2120 BLOD BLOD
RI07-09-A N17-34.B8 - 1 N17-34 27.678 ødegårite 33 Ringsjø 184 4070 21000 BLOD 1700 BLOD 592000 1006 130.4 2710 BLOD BLOD
RI07-09-A N17-34.C1 - 1 N17-34 27.679 ødegårite 33 Ringsjø 130.4 18 BLOD BLOD BLOD BLOD 578000 745 147.3 2320 BLOD BLOD
RI07-09-A N17-34.C1 - 2 N17-34 27.679 ødegårite 33 Ringsjø 176 56 11600 BLOD BLOD BLOD 608000 770 146.6 3300 BLOD BLOD
RI07-09-A N17-34.C1 - 3 N17-34 27.678 ødegårite 33 Ringsjø 138.8 60.8 21200 BLOD BLOD BLOD 596000 730 162.2 2580 BLOD 3.3
RI07-09-A N17-34.C2 - 1 N17-34 27.679 ødegårite 33 Ringsjø 140.2 59 11600 BLOD BLOD 2.85 602000 786 158.6 3140 BLOD BLOD
RI07-09-A N17-34.C3 - 1 N17-34 27.678 ødegårite 33 Ringsjø 139.9 30.3 BLOD BLOD BLOD 2.74 609000 718 144.5 2630 BLOD 5
RI07-09-A N17-34.C4 - 1 N17-34 17.277 ødegårite 33 Ringsjø 233 156 BLOD BLOD BLOD BLOD 605000 701 145.8 43800 1.8 4
RI07-09-A N17-34.C5 - 1 N17-34 27.678 ødegårite 33 Ringsjø 144 36.4 BLOD BLOD BLOD 3.27 601000 738 130.5 3210 BLOD 4.2
RI07-09-A N17-34.C6 - 1 N17-34 4.6777 ødegårite 33 Ringsjø 660 1040 BLOD BLOD BLOD 3.4 604000 670 146 4050 3.6 BLOD
RI07-09-A N17-34.D1 - 1 N17-34 27.679 ødegårite 33 Ringsjø 135 78 BLOD BLOD BLOD 3.11 609000 975 231 3170 BLOD 3.5
RI07-09-A N17-34.D1 - 2 N17-34 27.679 ødegårite 33 Ringsjø 180 7750 BLOD BLOD 3460 3.92 602800 929 236.7 7240 BLOD BLOD
RI07-09-A N17-34.D2 - 1 N17-34 27.678 ødegårite 33 Ringsjø 136.5 42.5 BLOD BLOD BLOD 2.59 598000 936 219.2 2130 BLOD BLOD
RI07-09-A N17-34.D3 - 1 N17-34 27.678 ødegårite 33 Ringsjø 194 296 BLOD BLOD BLOD 2.86 624000 985 236.1 3470 0.95 3.3
RI07-09-A N17-34.D4 - 1 N17-34 27.679 ødegårite 33 Ringsjø 140 44.9 BLOD BLOD BLOD 3.25 597000 984 225.7 1990 BLOD 2.7
RI07-09-A N17-34.D5 - 1 N17-34 27.678 ødegårite 33 Ringsjø 154 82 BLOD BLOD BLOD 3.37 599000 928 206.2 7660 BLOD BLOD
RI07-09-A N17-34.D6 - 1 N17-34 27.678 ødegårite 33 Ringsjø 279 2660 BLOD BLOD 1040 3 614000 962 267.4 2520 BLOD 3.4
RI07-09-A N17-34.E1 - 1 N17-34 27.678 ødegårite 33 Ringsjø 132.3 41.3 BLOD BLOD BLOD 2.59 623000 992 217.7 2860 BLOD BLOD
RI07-09-A N17-34.E1 - 2 N17-34 27.678 ødegårite 33 Ringsjø 128.1 57.2 BLOD BLOD BLOD 4.43 615000 999 217.3 3000 BLOD 3.8
RI07-09-A N17-34.E2 - 1 N17-34 19.507 ødegårite 33 Ringsjø 2960 2370 14700 BLOD 2530 3.2 626000 944 216.7 8000 8.9 2.8
RI07-09-A N17-34.E3 - 1 N17-34 27.678 ødegårite 33 Ringsjø 1240 2180 9400 BLOD BLOD BLOD 638000 1088 227.1 6660 4.5 BLOD
RI07-09-A N17-34.E4 - 1 N17-34 27.678 ødegårite 33 Ringsjø 132 52.3 BLOD BLOD BLOD 5.22 611000 1034 303.9 2710 BLOD BLOD
RI07-09-A N17-34.F1 - 1 N17-34 27.679 ødegårite 33 Ringsjø 137 75 BLOD BLOD BLOD BLOD 604300 916 149.5 5540 1.67 3.5
RI07-09-A N17-34.F1 - 2 N17-34 27.679 ødegårite 33 Ringsjø 158 94 BLOD BLOD BLOD 3.16 597000 882 154.2 2120 BLOD 2.5
RI07-09-A N17-34.F1 - 3 N17-34 27.678 ødegårite 33 Ringsjø 294 298 BLOD BLOD BLOD BLOD 599000 853 147.1 4110 2.19 BLOD
RI07-09-A N17-34.F2 - 1 N17-34 27.679 ødegårite 33 Ringsjø 148.2 64 11900 BLOD BLOD BLOD 590000 901 183.1 2770 0.42 3.1
RI06-09BI N17-33.A.1 - 1 N17-33 16.938 scapolite fels 22 Ringsjø 136 70 BLOD BLOD BLOD BLOD 605000 2393 1045 910 BLOD 6.3
RI06-09BI N17-33.A.1 - 2 N17-33 14.026 scapolite fels 22 Ringsjø 133 34 BLOD 2.9 BLOD 5.8 633000 2510 1106 880 BLOD 3
RI06-09BI N17-33.A.1 - 3 N17-33 12.723 scapolite fels 22 Ringsjø 150 66 BLOD BLOD 900 11 589000 2289 1015 11830 BLOD BLOD
RI06-09BI N17-33.A.1 - 4 N17-33 14.026 scapolite fels 22 Ringsjø 120 29 BLOD 2.5 BLOD 8.6 603000 2314 1037 4060 BLOD BLOD
RI06-09BI N17-33.A.1 - 5 N17-33 10.467 scapolite fels 22 Ringsjø 219 BLOD BLOD BLOD BLOD 6.3 586000 2006 1094 3870 BLOD BLOD
RI06-09BI N17-33.A.1 - 6 N17-33 15.644 scapolite fels 22 Ringsjø 126 BLOD BLOD 3.7 950 7.3 593000 2219 1059 900 BLOD BLOD
RI06-09BI N17-33.A.2 - 1 N17-33 13.725 scapolite fels 22 Ringsjø 179 89 BLOD BLOD BLOD 10.5 588000 2592 1083 940 BLOD 3.7
RI06-09BI N17-33.A.2 - 2 N17-33 14.227 scapolite fels 22 Ringsjø 202 210 BLOD BLOD 17300 7.9 601000 2700 1133 940 BLOD 6
RI06-09BI N17-33.A.2 - 3 N17-33 13.274 scapolite fels 22 Ringsjø 126 28 BLOD BLOD BLOD 9 573000 2584 1085 900 BLOD BLOD
RI06-09BI N17-33.A.3 - 1 N17-33 11.874 scapolite fels 22 Ringsjø 162 43 BLOD BLOD BLOD 8.8 586000 2586 1082 7800 BLOD BLOD
RI06-09BI N17-33.A.4 - 1 N17-33 8.9892 scapolite fels 22 Ringsjø 556 330 BLOD BLOD 1850 6.2 595000 2410 1051 1020 BLOD 5.8528 J.K. P ORTERAppendix E Table 3 Page  6 of 10
B
LOD: below level of detection, 
NaN: not a numberSample Source file
RI07-09-A N17-34.B5 - 1
RI07-09-A N17-34.B6 - 1
RI07-09-A N17-34.B7 - 1
RI07-09-A N17-34.B8 - 1
RI07-09-A N17-34.C1 - 1
RI07-09-A N17-34.C1 - 2
RI07-09-A N17-34.C1 - 3
RI07-09-A N17-34.C2 - 1
RI07-09-A N17-34.C3 - 1
RI07-09-A N17-34.C4 - 1
RI07-09-A N17-34.C5 - 1
RI07-09-A N17-34.C6 - 1
RI07-09-A N17-34.D1 - 1
RI07-09-A N17-34.D1 - 2
RI07-09-A N17-34.D2 - 1
RI07-09-A N17-34.D3 - 1
RI07-09-A N17-34.D4 - 1
RI07-09-A N17-34.D5 - 1
RI07-09-A N17-34.D6 - 1
RI07-09-A N17-34.E1 - 1
RI07-09-A N17-34.E1 - 2
RI07-09-A N17-34.E2 - 1
RI07-09-A N17-34.E3 - 1
RI07-09-A N17-34.E4 - 1
RI07-09-A N17-34.F1 - 1
RI07-09-A N17-34.F1 - 2
RI07-09-A N17-34.F1 - 3
RI07-09-A N17-34.F2 - 1
RI06-09BI N17-33.A.1 - 1
RI06-09BI N17-33.A.1 - 2
RI06-09BI N17-33.A.1 - 3
RI06-09BI N17-33.A.1 - 4
RI06-09BI N17-33.A.1 - 5
RI06-09BI N17-33.A.1 - 6
RI06-09BI N17-33.A.2 - 1
RI06-09BI N17-33.A.2 - 2
RI06-09BI N17-33.A.2 - 3
RI06-09BI N17-33.A.3 - 1
RI06-09BI N17-33.A.4 - 1Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U
13.1 BLOD 1546 333 28.3 13.4 11.2 38.4 7.2 58.9 BLOD 102.2 8.5 BLOD 0 BLOD 107.6
14.5 0.45 1142 217.4 30.6 13.6 11.5 33 7.91 61.4 BLOD 100.3 8.3 BLOD 0 0.84 107.5
BLOD 0.43 1304 218.4 28.5 14.4 11.28 36.1 8.48 55 BLOD 103.9 9.3 BLOD 0.231 BLOD 109.4
11.5 0.69 827 249.9 38.3 14.3 6.11 27.8 15.73 81.1 BLOD 103 8.92 BLOD BLOD 0.28 95.7
10 BLOD 1126 1015 36.3 16.2 4.95 35.1 89.4 75.8 BLOD 88.7 7.9 BLOD BLOD 0.289 91.5
BLOD 0.61 1286 881 36.5 16.2 6.56 32.9 36.26 59.2 BLOD 105.4 9 BLOD BLOD 0.262 94.6
10.1 BLOD 924 1035 39.9 17.9 6.09 28 48.7 57.4 BLOD 92.6 8.1 BLOD BLOD BLOD 90.9
16 BLOD 1278 1057 33.6 14.7 6.41 39.1 92.3 62.3 BLOD 89.5 8.7 BLOD BLOD BLOD 91.9
13.3 0.19 994 1051 34.8 15.3 5.65 30.6 83.3 56 19 91.5 7.86 BLOD BLOD BLOD 91.5
16.1 0.69 1030 651 41.6 11 17.1 20.3 3.37 11.6 BLOD 85 8.5 0.65 0.274 0.63 112.5
7.5 0.29 1087 1084 42.3 13.6 15.8 32.8 102.5 63.6 18 83 7.8 BLOD 0 BLOD 106.8
10.4 2.02 1033 878 37.1 14.6 15.5 22.5 18.95 36.7 BLOD 78.6 23.8 15 0.197 2.13 85.8
11.6 0.098 1363 296.9 41.8 13.7 15.9 35.1 6.21 60.1 BLOD 89.9 8.6 BLOD 0.089 BLOD 115.5
12.1 0.84 1239 299.7 39 14 17.3 32.9 4.47 41.6 BLOD 97.1 9.5 0.59 0.15 0.43 113.4
6.3 BLOD 1241 318.8 41.2 14.6 17.9 32.9 7.12 56.7 BLOD 88 8.7 BLOD 0.292 BLOD 110.9
8.4 1.7 1369 316 42.9 16.7 18.8 31.7 8.44 53.6 BLOD 96.9 8.6 BLOD 0 0.38 116.5
10.4 0.158 1353 316.2 39.8 14.9 18.8 36.1 11.12 51.4 BLOD 92.3 8.6 BLOD 0.105 BLOD 110.4
9.2 1.27 1189 519 39.9 15.9 16.1 37.5 17.24 64.8 BLOD 93.9 8 BLOD 0.471 BLOD 112.3
14.6 0.36 1400 512 38.3 13 15.2 35.1 14.24 65.1 BLOD 87.7 7.4 BLOD 0.115 0.48 110.7
10 0.17 1402 272.5 31.1 15.4 7.79 34.8 8.49 58.1 BLOD 108.4 9.49 BLOD 0.038 BLOD 114.6
8.8 0.134 1363 300 33.9 15.1 8.53 36 10.38 58.9 BLOD 97.5 9.3 BLOD 0.085 BLOD 113.4
9.5 4.5 1059 271 35.2 13.7 5.88 20.5 5.09 37.3 BLOD 83.5 7.8 BLOD 0.062 0.217 102.2
11.3 0.19 1455 329.5 33.5 13.4 7.49 39.3 7.31 60.1 BLOD 104.3 10.2 BLOD 0.118 0.176 109.8
8.9 0.242 1571 429 29 13.2 9.4 38.4 11.39 62.3 BLOD 89.7 8 BLOD BLOD BLOD 104
10.4 BLOD 1190 365.7 32.9 18 10.3 40.1 8.7 69.7 BLOD 104.2 8.7 BLOD 0.053 BLOD 107.7
9.9 0.27 1120 313.8 31.6 16 9.3 33.2 8.09 66.8 BLOD 95.7 9.3 BLOD 0.103 BLOD 103
BLOD 1.25 1252 312.9 28.7 15.7 8.9 33.4 5.37 57.7 BLOD 100 10.2 BLOD 0.059 BLOD 104.8
11.4 BLOD 1387 329 34.4 16.6 11.2 36.9 12.17 61.4 BLOD 102.4 8.6 BLOD 0.066 BLOD 104.3
10.2 BLOD 929 252.1 12.3 18.2 10.1 35.1 4.27 27.2 BLOD 81 10 3.6 BLOD BLOD 70.7
6 BLOD 1017 259.5 12.3 15.7 9.4 35.1 4.56 32.9 8.5 87.6 8.5 2 BLOD BLOD 73.7
6.6 9.4 977 266 12.6 16.9 10.9 34.1 3.92 21.6 BLOD 81.1 9.2 0.74 BLOD BLOD 73.5
5.8 BLOD 928 261 13.9 15.4 8.2 32.7 4.98 31 10.4 79.6 10 0.79 BLOD BLOD 71.9
4.8 BLOD 864 256.4 12.3 14.9 8.2 30.4 1.98 14.2 BLOD 76.4 5.9 0.72 BLOD 0.097 70.9
5.4 BLOD 973 249.5 11.6 16.1 8.7 33.8 3.35 21 BLOD 75.4 10.7 1.9 BLOD BLOD 68.8
7.6 0.24 1133 315 10.8 18.1 9.4 46 10.98 35.6 10.6 77 8.6 0.86 BLOD BLOD 68.8
6.8 18.2 703 267.5 13.8 17.5 7.3 29.4 5.64 27.8 BLOD 80.8 8.7 2.33 BLOD 1.26 75
6.4 BLOD 987 287 11.1 19.1 9.54 37.8 8 36.4 13.2 72.9 8.7 1.06 0.031 BLOD 72.3
9.8 BLOD 996 281.8 11.5 15 7.3 40.3 8.35 34 BLOD 81.3 9.4 1.53 BLOD BLOD 71.2
BLOD 4.6 693 301 13.7 15.8 7.8 32.4 1.99 32 BLOD 78 10.1 1.41 BLOD 0.38 69.6Appendix E J.K. P ORTER 529Appendix E Table 3 Page  7 of 10
BLOD: below level of detection, 
NaN: not a numberSample Source file Mount Duration(s) Rock typeSpotsize 
(µm)Rock 
unitMg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu
RI06-09BI N17-33.A.4 - 2 N17-33 12.837 scapolite fels 22 Ringsjø 255 63 BLOD BLOD BLOD 9.5 594000 2394 1044 8500 BLOD BLOD
RI06-09BI N17-33.A.5 - 1 N17-33 11.297 scapolite fels 22 Ringsjø 180 31 BLOD BLOD BLOD 7.2 598000 2575 1090 1140 BLOD BLOD
RI06-09BI N17-33.A.5 - 2 N17-33 9.7061 scapolite fels 22 Ringsjø 130 BLOD BLOD BLOD BLOD 9.2 575000 2514 1013 1020 BLOD BLOD
RI06-09BI N17-33.A.5 - 3 N17-33 10.677 scapolite fels 22 Ringsjø 149 37 BLOD 3.9 BLOD 10.1 587000 2532 1070 5100 BLOD BLOD
RI06-09BI N17-33.A.5 - 4 N17-33 9.8538 scapolite fels 22 Ringsjø 149 31.3 BLOD BLOD BLOD 8.1 586000 2744 1031 18320 BLOD BLOD
RI06-09BI N17-33.A.6 - 1 N17-33 10.336 scapolite fels 22 Ringsjø 600 188 BLOD 0 BLOD 10.3 590000 2144 1046 960 BLOD 3.6
RI06-09BI N17-33.A.7 - 1 N17-33 12.059 scapolite fels 22 Ringsjø 165 72 BLOD BLOD BLOD 4.9 584000 2502 1061 960 BLOD 4.4
RI06-09BI N17-33.A.7 - 2 N17-33 11.097 scapolite fels 22 Ringsjø 490 166 BLOD 14 BLOD 8.4 574000 2352 1270 1540 1.2 6.2
RI06-09BI N17-33.A.7 - 3 N17-33 10.432 scapolite fels 22 Ringsjø 309 122 BLOD 11 BLOD 7.9 594000 2503 1102 12500 BLOD BLOD
RI06-09BI N17-33.A.7 - 4 N17-33 10.537 scapolite fels 22 Ringsjø 163 BLOD 12000 0 BLOD 7.1 583000 2539 1084 11950 BLOD 2.8
RI06-09BI N17-33.A.7 - 5 N17-33 11.788 scapolite fels 22 Ringsjø 156 22 BLOD 5.1 BLOD 7.5 593000 2525 1101 780 BLOD BLOD
RI06-09BI N17-33.A.8 - 1 N17-33 9.8901 scapolite fels 22 Ringsjø 146 21 BLOD 5.2 BLOD 7.5 592000 2253 667 1360 3.9 BLOD
RI06-09BI N17-33.A.8 - 2 N17-33 10.405 scapolite fels 22 Ringsjø 231 55 9900 0 BLOD 9.1 580000 2201 697 1560 BLOD BLOD
RI06-09BI N17-33.E.1 - 1 N17-33 16.938 scapolite fels 22 Ringsjø 109 BLOD BLOD 8.6 BLOD 31.8 591000 2880 2145 690 BLOD 4.2
RI06-09BI N17-33.E.1 - 2 N17-33 15.312 scapolite fels 22 Ringsjø 106 21 BLOD 3.2 BLOD 28.7 593000 2948 2234 680 BLOD BLOD
RI06-09BI N17-33.E.2 - 1 N17-33 14.769 scapolite fels 22 Ringsjø 244 112 BLOD 0.9 BLOD 21 582000 2449 2110 2650 BLOD 4.9
RI06-09BI N17-33.E.3 - 1 N17-33 8.8184 scapolite fels 22 Ringsjø 670 860 13000 2.4 7100 26 572800 2187 2039 1260 BLOD BLOD
RI06-09BI N17-33.D.1 - 1 N17-33 16.938 scapolite fels 22 Ringsjø 2590 1150 BLOD 3.7 BLOD 21.6 569000 1766 2171 4810 BLOD BLOD
RI06-09BI N17-33.D.1 - 2 N17-33 16.938 scapolite fels 22 Ringsjø 145 28 BLOD 2.6 BLOD 22.5 586000 2074 2096 1670 BLOD BLOD
RI06-09BI N17-33.D.2 - 1 N17-33 14.997 scapolite fels 22 Ringsjø 242 1210 15200 1.5 4800 28.2 599000 2150 2040 8600 BLOD BLOD
RI06-09BI N17-33.D.2 - 2 N17-33 15.967 scapolite fels 22 Ringsjø 118 22 BLOD 2.9 BLOD 24.4 593000 2156 2105 635 BLOD BLOD
RI06-09BI N17-33.C.1 - 1 N17-33 14.769 scapolite fels 22 Ringsjø 203 81 BLOD 2.9 BLOD 18.8 586000 2898 2004 5740 BLOD BLOD
RI06-09BI N17-33.C.1 - 2 N17-33 10.071 scapolite fels 22 Ringsjø 86 BLOD BLOD 1.8 BLOD 18 544000 3040 1840 20000 BLOD 2.7
RI06-09BI N17-33.C.2 - 1 N17-33 16.938 scapolite fels 22 Ringsjø 197 360 BLOD -0.1 4000 38 589000 2837 2081 1630 BLOD BLOD
RI06-09BI N17-33.C.2 - 2 N17-33 14.769 scapolite fels 22 Ringsjø 104 58 BLOD -0.3 BLOD 18.7 606000 2672 2086 700 BLOD BLOD
RI06-09BI N17-33.C.3 - 1 N17-33 9.3912 scapolite fels 22 Ringsjø 140 28 BLOD 0.23 BLOD 21.7 594000 2389 1985 870 2.3 BLOD
RI06-09BI N17-33.C.4 - 1 N17-33 14.769 scapolite fels 22 Ringsjø 109 23 21200 -0.47 BLOD 30.4 603000 3153 2215 476 BLOD BLOD
RI06-09BI N17-33.C.5 - 1 N17-33 16.938 scapolite fels 22 Ringsjø 109 22 BLOD 1.18 BLOD 27 592000 2836 2165 650 BLOD BLOD
RI06-09BI N17-33.C.6 - 1 N17-33 15.518 scapolite fels 22 Ringsjø 113 17 BLOD 0.74 BLOD 22.3 576000 2410 2160 660 BLOD BLOD
RI06-09BI N17-33.C.5 - 2 N17-33 16.938 scapolite fels 22 Ringsjø 221 196 BLOD 1.62 BLOD 28.2 588000 2794 2180 3050 BLOD BLOD
RI06-09BI N17-33.B.1 - 1 N17-33 16.938 scapolite fels 22 Ringsjø 111 35 BLOD 0.8 BLOD 20.5 582200 2881 2182 740 BLOD BLOD
RI06-09BI N17-33.B.1 - 2 N17-33 15.04 scapolite fels 22 Ringsjø 390 60 BLOD 1.81 BLOD 21.6 564000 2757 2115 4170 BLOD BLOD
RI06-09BI N17-33.B.1 - 3 N17-33 15.32 scapolite fels 22 Ringsjø 105 33 BLOD 1.06 BLOD 18.5 583000 2924 2146 6800 BLOD BLOD
RI06-09BI N17-33.B.2 - 1 N17-33 15.32 scapolite fels 22 Ringsjø 123 46 BLOD 0.8 BLOD 29.7 593000 3178 2250 690 BLOD BLOD
RI06-09BI N17-33.B.2 - 2 N17-33 17.206 scapolite fels 22 Ringsjø 139 33 BLOD 3.1 BLOD 27.6 577000 3110 2198 710 0.76 BLOD
RI06-09BI N17-33.C.10 - 1 N17-33 17.938 scapolite fels 22 Ringsjø 137 BLOD BLOD BLOD BLOD 20.2 612000 2397 2054 1620 BLOD BLOD
RI06-09BI N17-33.C.11 - 1 N17-33 17.938 scapolite fels 22 Ringsjø 158 BLOD BLOD BLOD BLOD 20 609000 2221 1962 550 BLOD BLOD
RI06-09BI N17-33.C.11 - 2 N17-33 17.938 scapolite fels 22 Ringsjø 245 BLOD BLOD BLOD BLOD 17.6 622000 2171 2025 4900 BLOD BLOD
RI06-09BI N17-33.C.1-3 - 1 N17-33 17.938 scapolite fels 22 Ringsjø 304 99 BLOD BLOD BLOD 15.2 623000 2873 1882 1240 BLOD BLOD530 J.K. P ORTERAppendix E Table 3 Page  8 of 10
B
LOD: below level of detection, 
NaN: not a numberSample Source file
RI06-09BI N17-33.A.4 - 2
RI06-09BI N17-33.A.5 - 1
RI06-09BI N17-33.A.5 - 2
RI06-09BI N17-33.A.5 - 3
RI06-09BI N17-33.A.5 - 4
RI06-09BI N17-33.A.6 - 1
RI06-09BI N17-33.A.7 - 1
RI06-09BI N17-33.A.7 - 2
RI06-09BI N17-33.A.7 - 3
RI06-09BI N17-33.A.7 - 4
RI06-09BI N17-33.A.7 - 5
RI06-09BI N17-33.A.8 - 1
RI06-09BI N17-33.A.8 - 2
RI06-09BI N17-33.E.1 - 1
RI06-09BI N17-33.E.1 - 2
RI06-09BI N17-33.E.2 - 1
RI06-09BI N17-33.E.3 - 1
RI06-09BI N17-33.D.1 - 1
RI06-09BI N17-33.D.1 - 2
RI06-09BI N17-33.D.2 - 1
RI06-09BI N17-33.D.2 - 2
RI06-09BI N17-33.C.1 - 1
RI06-09BI N17-33.C.1 - 2
RI06-09BI N17-33.C.2 - 1
RI06-09BI N17-33.C.2 - 2
RI06-09BI N17-33.C.3 - 1
RI06-09BI N17-33.C.4 - 1
RI06-09BI N17-33.C.5 - 1
RI06-09BI N17-33.C.6 - 1
RI06-09BI N17-33.C.5 - 2
RI06-09BI N17-33.B.1 - 1
RI06-09BI N17-33.B.1 - 2
RI06-09BI N17-33.B.1 - 3
RI06-09BI N17-33.B.2 - 1
RI06-09BI N17-33.B.2 - 2
RI06-09BI N17-33.C.10 - 1
RI06-09BI N17-33.C.11 - 1
RI06-09BI N17-33.C.11 - 2
RI06-09BI N17-33.C.1-3 - 1Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U
8.3 0.42 624 278 11.7 16.4 8.7 25.1 24.5 36.1 BLOD 78.2 8.39 1.9 0.024 BLOD 71.6
8.3 BLOD 1122 271.5 15.2 15.7 10 43.2 12.04 33.3 11.3 68.5 6.3 0.77 BLOD BLOD 73.2
5.1 BLOD 1102 266.4 15.7 15.8 8.8 41.7 11.83 35.5 BLOD 69.5 8.2 BLOD BLOD BLOD 70
4.6 BLOD 1069 257.7 14.7 14.4 8.2 36.8 12.2 35.4 BLOD 70.5 8.3 BLOD BLOD BLOD 66.8
7.1 0.2 1053 271 13.7 18.2 7.9 39.5 10.55 29.2 BLOD 75.4 8.8 BLOD BLOD BLOD 75.3
12.9 BLOD 688 262.2 16.1 16.7 12 30 8.02 35.2 17 80.1 12.5 3.8 BLOD BLOD 68.9
7.3 BLOD 1220 281 14.3 15 9.4 41.3 6 30.3 BLOD 74 7.9 1.3 BLOD BLOD 66.1
9.5 BLOD 871 260 12.2 14.9 6.9 27.4 4.73 21.1 BLOD 78.4 10.9 1.9 BLOD BLOD 71.6
8.5 0.2 801 261 15 15.7 8.9 23.9 2.04 8.4 BLOD 72 8.8 1.51 BLOD BLOD 69.6
9 BLOD 941 271.9 10 16.1 8.8 27.8 4.15 11.9 BLOD 66.7 6.3 BLOD BLOD BLOD 66.2
7.1 BLOD 1243 311 13.4 17.3 8.6 39.3 6.08 21.4 BLOD 74.2 8.6 BLOD BLOD BLOD 72.5
5.4 0.18 1474 294 11.2 14.7 8.2 45.5 13.03 36.2 BLOD 69.6 8.2 0.59 0.061 BLOD 71.3
4.4 BLOD 1508 324 9.7 16.2 9.6 50.6 14.8 39 BLOD 72.2 7.6 1.05 BLOD BLOD 65.9
8.7 BLOD 1130 279 9.6 21.2 9.7 42.3 5.56 30.3 BLOD 80 9.3 2 BLOD BLOD 69.3
5.6 BLOD 1344 324 11.5 21 10.7 53.3 7.13 30.4 BLOD 79.7 9.1 1.8 BLOD BLOD 70.7
5.5 1.43 1132 314 9.4 26.5 8.1 50.4 8.79 34.5 BLOD 72.2 9.3 2.3 0.067 BLOD 62.5
3.3 21 564 284.2 14.5 19.3 13.4 28.2 5.63 33.2 BLOD 81.5 9.2 1.98 BLOD 0.146 73.5
8.5 5 1560 375 13.6 21.3 9.9 60.9 6.89 33 BLOD 63.4 6.2 0.81 BLOD BLOD 56
5.3 0.29 1365 311 11.8 16.4 10.6 50.2 4.9 22.5 BLOD 64.5 6.7 BLOD 0.13 BLOD 62.3
6.7 2.9 1055 267.1 10 15.9 7.89 37.9 3.93 26.1 BLOD 76.9 11 5.5 0.19 BLOD 61.4
6.1 BLOD 1027 272 9.5 13.8 11 37.6 4.06 21 9.8 71 6.3 BLOD 0.15 BLOD 66.8
6 2.22 1180 275.9 9.5 17.9 11.5 46.2 5.85 32.8 15.1 83.2 8.2 0.86 BLOD BLOD 68.1
5.6 0.18 1177 274 10.1 14.3 10.5 40.4 6.91 33.1 BLOD 68.8 5.9 BLOD BLOD BLOD 64.5
5.5 21 1266 277.4 9.2 19.1 9.4 47.9 9.35 37.3 BLOD 73.5 7.1 0.73 0 0.29 66.7
6.6 3.74 1210 286.7 13.2 17.4 9.4 46.3 8.13 32 BLOD 79.5 6.44 1.28 0.00246 0.213 66.5
3.7 0.42 1094 324 10.7 13 7 43.9 7.49 30.3 BLOD 70.2 4.71 BLOD 0 BLOD 65.5
5.1 BLOD 1135 334 10.8 15.8 9.65 47.1 7.65 34.1 BLOD 72.7 6.8 0.71 0 BLOD 63.2
7 0.44 1268 358 9.8 18 8.63 51.3 8.44 33.3 BLOD 77.4 7.2 BLOD 0 0.275 65.2
3.5 0.139 1116 323 9.4 16.1 8.2 45.6 6.91 32.9 BLOD 76.9 4.9 BLOD 0 BLOD 66.8
3.3 3.56 1256 364 8.7 18.8 10.2 52 8.22 33.6 BLOD 76.2 7.38 BLOD 0 BLOD 66.9
6.1 BLOD 1179 312.3 10.4 18.6 11.7 48.9 6.78 34.3 BLOD 80.7 7.7 0.93 0 BLOD 65.7
7.4 BLOD 1050 308 12.3 17.2 10.92 48.9 7.33 35 BLOD 76.6 7.4 1.14 0 0.149 64
4.7 0.16 940 318 10.6 16.2 11.2 36.4 5.92 36.5 BLOD 83.2 6.15 1.06 0 BLOD 66.3
BLOD BLOD 1195 406 13.9 16.8 10.8 54.4 11.78 40.7 BLOD 84.1 7.9 1.04 0.001 BLOD 67.1
4.9 0.079 1127 398 11.3 20.6 10.5 56.9 12.5 39.9 BLOD 86.4 7.4 0.88 0 BLOD 67.7
BLOD 0.38 1122 321 12.1 18.7 11.3 50 9.27 42.9 BLOD 66.5 5.5 BLOD 0.001 0.045 68.7
BLOD 0.005 1219 258.7 13.4 21.1 10.6 46.4 8.2 39.3 BLOD 61.3 6.6 0.82 0.00831 BLOD 63.7
BLOD 0.067 1238 266 10.7 18.6 9.05 49 8.79 43.5 BLOD 59.5 5.9 BLOD 0.0065 BLOD 65.9
BLOD BLOD 1212 258.5 10.2 17.6 9.5 42.2 7.39 36.2 45 65.6 6.89 BLOD 0.0168 BLOD 68.8Appendix E J.K. P ORTER 531Appendix E Table 3 Page  9 of 10
BLOD: below level of detection, 
NaN: not a numberSample Source file Mount Duration(s) Rock typeSpotsize 
(µm)Rock 
unitMg Al Si S Ca Sc Ti V Cr Fe Ni Cu
RI06-09BI N17-33.C.1-4 - 1 N17-33 17.938 scapolite fels 22 Ringsjø 155 BLOD BLOD BLOD BLOD 17.8 615000 2717 1816 616 BLOD BLOD
RI06-09BI N17-33.C.2-3 - 1 N17-33 17.938 scapolite fels 22 Ringsjø 310 160 BLOD BLOD BLOD 25 609000 2646 1939 3310 BLOD BLOD
RI06-09BI N17-33.C.1-5 - 1 N17-33 17.938 scapolite fels 22 Ringsjø 249 120 BLOD BLOD 1130 39.5 628000 2880 1855 16070 BLOD BLOD
RI06-09BI N17-33.C.12 - 1 N17-33 17.938 scapolite fels 22 Ringsjø 535 271 BLOD BLOD BLOD 31.7 625000 2193 2126 3110 BLOD BLOD
RI06-09BI N17-33.C.12 - 2 N17-33 6.2848 scapolite fels 22 Ringsjø 16600 32900 104000 BLOD 57000 77 625000 3470 2008 11200 12.4 BLOD
RI06-09BI N17-33.D.3 - 1 N17-33 17.938 scapolite fels 22 Ringsjø 553 620 BLOD BLOD 5710 BLOD 613000 1025 1434 7100 0.5 BLOD
RI06-09BI N17-33.D.2-3 - 1 N17-33 17.938 scapolite fels 22 Ringsjø 340 142 BLOD BLOD BLOD 27.2 631000 2344 1938 1050 BLOD BLOD
RI06-09BI N17-33.D.2-4 - 1 N17-33 17.938 scapolite fels 22 Ringsjø 620 380 BLOD BLOD 2240 23.6 617000 2272 2038 1230 BLOD BLOD
RI06-09BI N17-33.D.1-3 - 1 N17-33 17.938 scapolite fels 22 Ringsjø 165 41 BLOD BLOD BLOD 23.4 636000 2275 2073 570 BLOD BLOD
RI06-09BI N17-33.D.1-4 - 1 N17-33 17.938 scapolite fels 22 Ringsjø 730 470 BLOD BLOD 2800 24.4 621000 2250 2002 1690 BLOD BLOD
RI06-09BI N17-33.D.1-5 - 1 N17-33 17.938 scapolite fels 22 Ringsjø 189 45 BLOD BLOD BLOD 30.3 622000 2280 2087 9370 BLOD BLOD
RI06-09BI N17-33.D.1-6 - 1 N17-33 17.938 scapolite fels 22 Ringsjø 183 BLOD BLOD BLOD BLOD 25.7 610000 2213 1973 1920 BLOD BLOD
B14-17A N17-35.A1 - 1 N17-35 27.678 albitite after scapolit 33 Ringsjø 150 BLOD 19700 BLOD BLOD 30.1 594000 1859 2348 1195 1.26 3.3
B14-17A N17-35.A1 - 2 N17-35 27.678 albitite after scapolit 33 Ringsjø 219 244 BLOD BLOD BLOD 28.8 577000 1913 2261 1016 BLOD BLOD
B14-17A N17-35.A1 - 3 N17-35 27.678 albitite after scapolit 33 Ringsjø 137 74 BLOD BLOD BLOD 30.8 591000 2006 2305 1050 BLOD 2.8
B14-17A N17-35.B1 - 1 N17-35 27.678 albitite after scapolit 33 Ringsjø 145 32.5 BLOD BLOD BLOD 34.3 600000 2062 3200 1100 BLOD BLOD
B14-17A N17-35.B1 - 2 N17-35 27.678 albitite after scapolit 33 Ringsjø 148 24 BLOD BLOD BLOD 38.5 588000 2062 3248 910 1.98 3.6
B14-17A N17-35.B1 - 3 N17-35 27.678 albitite after scapolit 33 Ringsjø 146 850 13600 BLOD 3800 31.7 584000 2105 3142 1420 BLOD 3.6
B14-17A N17-35.B1 - 4 N17-35 27.678 albitite after scapolit 33 Ringsjø 864 990 14400 BLOD 10300 46.4 585000 1933 2507 1800 BLOD BLOD
B14-17A N17-35.B2 - 1 N17-35 27.678 albitite after scapolit 33 Ringsjø 2510 3670 31100 BLOD 43700 142 623000 2336 2026 4990 3.1 4.6
B14-17A N17-35.C1 - 1 N17-35 27.678 albitite after scapolit 33 Ringsjø 209 135 BLOD BLOD BLOD 47.9 604000 2208 2364 7190 2.08 BLOD
B14-17A N17-35.C1 - 2 N17-35 18.434 albitite after scapolit 33 Ringsjø 603 2100 BLOD BLOD 7090 50.5 575000 2115 2398 2130 BLOD BLOD
B14-17A N17-35.C2 - 1 N17-35 27.678 albitite after scapolit 33 Ringsjø 141 BLOD BLOD BLOD BLOD 45.9 606000 2114 2343 1120 BLOD BLOD
B14-17A N17-35.C2 - 2 N17-35 27.678 albitite after scapolit 33 Ringsjø 146 17.8 BLOD BLOD BLOD 46.9 600000 2175 2313 1064 BLOD 3.4
B14-17A N17-35.C2 - 3 N17-35 27.678 albitite after scapolit 33 Ringsjø 323 483 15700 BLOD 2550 49.5 579000 2066 2283 1210 BLOD 3
B14-17A N17-35.C3 - 1 N17-35 27.679 albitite after scapolit 33 Ringsjø 150 52 BLOD BLOD BLOD 40 604000 2157 3460 929 BLOD 3.8
B14-17A N17-35.C3 - 2 N17-35 27.679 albitite after scapolit 33 Ringsjø 333 BLOD 9900 BLOD BLOD 55.1 602000 2252 3620 20300 4.6 BLOD
B14-17A N17-35.C4 - 1 N17-35 19.588 albitite after scapolit 33 Ringsjø 156 135 9700 BLOD 4950 42.1 577000 2141 2898 1530 BLOD BLOD
B14-17A N17-35.C4 - 2 N17-35 27.679 albitite after scapolit 33 Ringsjø 4420 5000 33600 BLOD 4600 57.8 578000 2005 2951 5360 4.2 BLOD
B14-17A N17-35.C4 - 3 N17-35 27.678 albitite after scapolit 33 Ringsjø 177 42 BLOD BLOD BLOD 45.9 590000 2083 2858 1050 BLOD 4.4
B14-17A N17-35.C5 - 1 N17-35 27.678 albitite after scapolit 33 Ringsjø 344 191 BLOD BLOD BLOD 37.8 606000 2188 3066 1510 BLOD 5.2
B14-17A N17-35.D1 - 1 N17-35 27.678 albitite after scapolit 33 Ringsjø 1330 810 23800 BLOD 4530 37.1 603000 2292 2554 1440 BLOD 18.8
B14-17A N17-35.D1 - 2 N17-35 26.522 albitite after scapolit 33 Ringsjø 1500 470 10900 BLOD 2300 31.6 591000 2271 2572 1700 BLOD 21.9
B14-17A N17-35.D - 1 N17-35 24.211 albitite after scapolit 33 Ringsjø 760 160 BLOD BLOD BLOD 23.8 602000 2277 2439 6410 1.39 11.2
B14-17A N17-35.E1 - 1 N17-35 27.678 albitite after scapolit 33 Ringsjø 144 BLOD BLOD BLOD BLOD 13.2 603000 1948 2125 1199 BLOD BLOD
B14-17A N17-35.E2 - 1 N17-35 26.062 albitite after scapolit 33 Ringsjø 138 BLOD BLOD BLOD BLOD 22 602600 1982 2588 1090 BLOD BLOD
B14-17A N17-35.E2 - 2 N17-35 27.678 albitite after scapolit 33 Ringsjø 144.3 BLOD 15500 5.7 BLOD 22.9 601000 1983 2599 1253 BLOD 4.8
B14-17A N17-35.E2 - 3 N17-35 27.678 albitite after scapolit 33 Ringsjø 139.8 BLOD 18800 BLOD BLOD 20.3 604800 1978 2583 950 BLOD 2.7
B14-17A N17-35.E1 - 2 N17-35 21.678 albitite after scapolit 22 Ringsjø 135 BLOD BLOD BLOD BLOD 9.9 619000 1915 1955 1100 BLOD BLOD532 J.K. P ORTERAppendix E Table 3 Page  10 of 10
BLOD: below level of detection, 
NaN: not a numberSample Source file
RI06-09BI N17-33.C.1-4 - 1
RI06-09BI N17-33.C.2-3 - 1
RI06-09BI N17-33.C.1-5 - 1
RI06-09BI N17-33.C.12 - 1
RI06-09BI N17-33.C.12 - 2
RI06-09BI N17-33.D.3 - 1
RI06-09BI N17-33.D.2-3 - 1
RI06-09BI N17-33.D.2-4 - 1
RI06-09BI N17-33.D.1-3 - 1
RI06-09BI N17-33.D.1-4 - 1
RI06-09BI N17-33.D.1-5 - 1
RI06-09BI N17-33.D.1-6 - 1
B14-17A N17-35.A1 - 1
B14-17A N17-35.A1 - 2
B14-17A N17-35.A1 - 3
B14-17A N17-35.B1 - 1
B14-17A N17-35.B1 - 2
B14-17A N17-35.B1 - 3
B14-17A N17-35.B1 - 4
B14-17A N17-35.B2 - 1
B14-17A N17-35.C1 - 1
B14-17A N17-35.C1 - 2
B14-17A N17-35.C2 - 1
B14-17A N17-35.C2 - 2
B14-17A N17-35.C2 - 3
B14-17A N17-35.C3 - 1
B14-17A N17-35.C3 - 2
B14-17A N17-35.C4 - 1
B14-17A N17-35.C4 - 2
B14-17A N17-35.C4 - 3
B14-17A N17-35.C5 - 1
B14-17A N17-35.D1 - 1
B14-17A N17-35.D1 - 2
B14-17A N17-35.D - 1
B14-17A N17-35.E1 - 1
B14-17A N17-35.E2 - 1
B14-17A N17-35.E2 - 2
B14-17A N17-35.E2 - 3
B14-17A N17-35.E1 - 2Zn Y Zr Nb Mo Sn Sb Hf Ta W Pb204 Pb206 Pb207 Pb208 Bi Th U
BLOD 0.22 1086 242.3 7.5 15.8 9.8 44.1 5.91 29.8 BLOD 62.5 8.3 0.39 0.0049 0.304 64.5
BLOD 1.85 1111 236.9 12.2 17.4 8.55 43.5 7.87 39.4 BLOD 58.6 5.78 0.74 0.0079 BLOD 63
BLOD 5 1027 241.2 10.6 17.4 9.5 37.7 7.17 45.9 BLOD 66.2 5.6 0.89 0.0037 0.048 64.7
BLOD 10.5 815 330 13.1 21 8.48 40.1 8.43 39.7 BLOD 64.3 6 1.08 0.0231 0.29 66.2
BLOD 142 1033 412 10.5 17.8 6.3 55.4 18.8 40.6 BLOD 48.2 6.6 3.29 0.01 2.13 59.7
BLOD 25.7 654 334 17.3 25.2 10 29 4.96 39 BLOD 66.4 9 1.79 0.0099 0.024 66.4
BLOD 2.01 611 123.9 7.4 28 8 13.6 0.172 1.17 BLOD 54.7 6.3 1.7 0.013 BLOD 55.4
BLOD 4.4 805 185.7 9.8 15.2 8.2 23.7 1.9 16.9 BLOD 63.9 8.8 2.3 BLOD BLOD 58.1
BLOD BLOD 1479 346 14.1 19.2 10 51.9 5.59 37.3 BLOD 56.7 5.9 BLOD 0.0218 BLOD 59.4
1.8 13.6 1566 348 14.8 17.7 9.6 57.5 6.26 36.5 BLOD 56.9 5.5 BLOD 0.0037 BLOD 56.1
BLOD BLOD 1391 318.1 12.7 22.1 8.33 49.9 5.14 35.6 BLOD 61.8 6.2 1.04 BLOD BLOD 62
BLOD 0.91 1206 288 11.1 22.3 9.2 41 4.68 33.2 BLOD 67.2 8.6 BLOD 0.0139 0.127 65.2
11.4 0.134 1021 442 6.5 20.3 9.7 43.7 9.61 42.8 BLOD 72.1 6.6 BLOD 0.0305 BLOD 74.4
8.8 1.78 1308 472 6.3 18.1 9.14 52.7 10.29 41.2 BLOD 71.2 6.5 BLOD 0 BLOD 77.8
12 3.7 1109 409 6.5 16.2 9.5 44.5 9.35 40.2 BLOD 73.8 7.8 BLOD 0 BLOD 78.2
BLOD BLOD 1155 403 6.7 17.4 8.8 45.9 8.12 39.1 BLOD 69.7 5.5 BLOD 0.043 BLOD 75.5
11.2 0.25 1254 461 6.9 18.6 9.9 51 11.37 42.4 BLOD 70.9 7.7 BLOD 0.081 BLOD 75
7.2 11.2 1159 426 7.3 17.4 9.7 51 10.62 42.6 BLOD 68.6 6.9 BLOD 0.004 BLOD 72.5
6.3 20.5 1103 421 6.4 18.8 17.1 46.9 9.35 38.5 BLOD 75.2 7.8 0.9 0.061 BLOD 73.4
9.6 155 1011 511 8.1 20.2 17.1 51.1 12.29 40.4 BLOD 79.7 9.2 3.6 0.13 0.55 80.2
12.9 1.04 1090 570 7.6 20.7 18.5 48.1 16.16 46.4 BLOD 80.9 7.6 BLOD 0.079 BLOD 77.9
15 14.2 869 596 8.7 23.6 21.7 37.7 16.9 55 BLOD 82.1 8.2 1.4 0.16 0.66 80
5.7 BLOD 1106 411 6 16.1 19.2 40.4 9.91 39 BLOD 77.7 7 BLOD 0.113 BLOD 78.5
9.1 0.83 992 396 7.3 17.2 17.9 38.3 7.54 31.9 BLOD 81 6.6 BLOD 0 BLOD 82.9
11.6 7.9 1093 404 7.2 18.3 17.4 42.7 9 34.6 BLOD 79.4 9.1 BLOD 0.154 BLOD 75.6
10.1 2.22 815 485 11.2 17.6 9.2 38.7 11.53 45.2 BLOD 80.3 8.6 BLOD 0.028 BLOD 77.3
11.7 BLOD 943 529 10.6 19.2 9.63 41.4 11.48 48.1 BLOD 84.8 7.87 BLOD 0.019 BLOD 79.6
8.5 1.32 931 520 9.4 22.7 9 44.2 10.21 42 BLOD 94.1 10.9 1.11 0.053 BLOD 79.4
11.9 16.2 1242 534 9.8 20.2 9.22 50.7 11.63 41.8 BLOD 84.4 7.5 BLOD BLOD BLOD 75.4
8.1 1.05 1127 526 9.7 19.1 8.6 47.6 12.73 53.6 BLOD 85.4 7.6 BLOD 0.019 BLOD 77.6
14 0.57 1105 492 8.3 22.2 9 44.9 11.28 42.4 BLOD 89 8.5 BLOD 0.004 BLOD 77.5
8.9 17.6 1272 450 8.3 23.7 9.7 48.9 12.88 48.1 BLOD 102.7 12.9 BLOD 0.03 BLOD 73.2
14.6 1.68 1357 466 9.3 21.8 10.1 55.6 14.99 36.7 BLOD 98 10 BLOD 0.095 BLOD 75.8
10.2 0.42 1403 353.3 10.1 22 9.4 52 8.29 35.3 BLOD 102.5 12.2 BLOD 0 BLOD 80.1
BLOD 0.45 580 191.9 7.5 13.8 8.82 25.9 4.79 32.2 BLOD 84.1 9.2 BLOD 0.026 BLOD 76.9
8.1 BLOD 1242 535 11 23.9 10.4 50.2 12.71 34.1 BLOD 82.3 8.8 BLOD 0 BLOD 74.7
7.6 0.187 1081 406.8 9.3 20.4 9.49 38.2 5.99 25.4 23 83.8 7.7 BLOD 0 BLOD 74.8
BLOD 0.2 1025 263.9 9.4 17.7 8.3 32.9 0.59 11 BLOD 75.5 8.9 BLOD 0.042 BLOD 74.2
10.3 BLOD 442 153.3 5.1 39.4 18.7 20.3 1.89 17.7 BLOD 60.6 5.5 BLOD BLOD BLOD 63.5Appendix E J.K. P ORTER 533BIBLIOGRAPHY
A. Agangi, S. M. Reddy, D. Plavsa, D. Fougerouse, C. Clark, M. Roberts, and T. E.
Johnson. Antimony in rutile as a pathﬁnder for orogenic gold deposits. Ore Geology
Reviews , 106:1–11, 2019. ISSN 01691368. doi: 10.1016/j.oregeorev.2019.01.018.
J. Aitchison. The statistical analysis of compositional data . Monographs on statistics and
applied probability. Chapman and Hall, 1986. ISBN 9780412280603.
J. Aitchison. Logratios and Natural Laws in Compositional Data Analysis. Mathemat-
ical Geology , 31:563–580, 1999.
A. H. Allibone, J. Windh, M. A. Etheridge, D. Burton, G. Anderson, P . W. Edwards,
A. Miller, C. Graves, C. M. Fanning, and R. Wysoczanski. Timing Relationships
and Structural Controls on the Location of Au-Cu Mineralization at the Boddington
Gold Mine, Western Australia. Economic Geology , 93:245–270, 1998.
M. P . Alvin. Carbonatite-related, epithermal ﬂuorite minealisation at Speewah, Kimberley
region, with studies of possible analogues in the Pilbara and Gascoyne regions, Western
Australia . Ph.d. dissertation, University of Western Australia, 1998.
P . M. Ashley, R. J. Dudley, R. H. Lesh, J. M. Marr, and A. W. Ryall. The Scuddles Cu-Zn
Prospect, an Archean Volcanogenic Massive Sulﬁde Deposit, Golden Grove District,
Western Australia. Economic Geology , 83:918–951, 1988.
H. Austrheim, C. V . Putnis, A. K. Engvik, and A. Putnis. Zircon coronas around Fe–Ti
oxides: a physical reference frame for metamorphic and metasomatic reactions.536 J.K. P ORTER
Contributions to Mineralogy and Petrology , 156:517–527, mar 2008. ISSN 0010-7999.
doi: 10.1007/s00410-008-0299-8.
E. Axelsson, J. Pape, J. Berndt, F. Corfu, K. Mexger, and M. M. Raith. Rutile R632 – A
New Natural Reference Material for U-Pb and Zr Determination. Geostandards and
Geoanalytical Research , 42:319–338, 2018. doi: 10.1111/ggr.12213.
V . Barrote, S. Tessalina, N. McNaughton, F. Jourdan, S. P . Hollis, B. Ware, and J.-
W. Zi. 4d history of the nimbus vhms ore deposit in the yilgarn craton, west-
ern australia. Precambrian Research , 337:105536, 2020. ISSN 0301-9268. doi:
https://doi.org/10.1016/j.precamres.2019.105536.
G. D. Bartram. Wall rock alteration associated with auriferous lodes at Kalgoorlie . Ph.d.
dissertation, University of Western Australia, 1969.
R. Bateman and S. Hagemann. Gold mineralisation throughout about 45 Ma of Ar-
chaean orogenesis: protracted ﬂux of gold in the Golden Mile, Yilgarn craton, West-
ern Australia. Mineralium Deposita , 39:536–559, 2004. doi: 10.1007/s00126-004-0431-
2.
S. M. Belford, G. J. Davidson, J. McPhie, and R. R. Large. Architecture of the Neoar-
chaean Jaguar VHMS deposit, Western Australia: Implications for prospectivity and
the presence of depositional breaks. Precambrian Research , 260:136–160, 2015. ISSN
0301-9268. doi: 10.1016/j.precamres.2014.12.019.
C. L. B ´erub ´e, G. R. Olivo, M. Chouteau, S. Perrouty, P . Shamsipour, R. J. Enkin, W. A.
Morris, L. Feltrin, and R. Thi ´emonge. Predicting rock type and detecting hydrother-
mal alteration using machine learning and petrophysical properties of the Canadian
Malartic ore and host rocks, Pontiac Subprovince, Qu ´ebec, Canada. Ore Geology Re-
views , 96:130–145, 2018. ISSN 01691368. doi: 10.1016/j.oregeorev.2018.04.011.
M. J. Bickle, L. F. Bettenay, H. J. Chapman, D. I. Groves, N. J. McNaughton, I. H. Camp-
bell, and J. R. de Laeter. The age and origin of younger granitic plutons of the ShawBibliography J.K. P ORTER 537
Batholith in the Archaean Pilbara Block, Western Australia. Contributions to Miner-
alogy and Petrology , 101:361–376, 1989.
B. Bingen, W. J. Davis, M. A. Hamilton, A. K. Engvik, H. J. Stein, Ø. Sk ˚ar, and
Ø. Nordgulen. Geochronology of high-grade metamorphism in the Sveconorwe-
gian belt, S. Norway: U-Pb, Th-Pb and Re-Os data. Norwegian Journal of Geology , 88:
13–42, 2008a. ISSN 0029196X.
B. Bingen, Ø. Nordgulen, and G. Viola. A four-phase model for the Sveconorwe-
gian orogeny, SW Scandinavia. Norwegian Journal of Geology , 88:43–72, 2008b. ISSN
0029196X.
E. J. M. Bloem, H. J. Dalstra, D. I. Groves, and J. R. Ridley. Metamorphic and struc-
tural setting of Archaean amphibolite-hosted gold deposits near Southern Cross,
Southern Cross Province, Yilgarn Block, Western Australia. Ore Geology Reviews , 9:
183–208, 1994.
L. Breiman. Random Forests. Machine Learning , 45:5–32, 2001. ISSN 08856125. doi:
10.1007/978-3-662-46900-2.
W. C. Brøgger. On several Archean rocks from the south coast of Norway. II. The South
Norwegian hyperites and their metamorphism. Det Norske Videnskaps Selskap i Oslo
Skrifter. Matematisk+Naturligvidenskapelig Klasse , 1:1–421, 1934.
K. F. Cassidy. Archaean granitoid-hosted gold deposits in greenschist to amphibolite facies
terrains: a high P-T to low P-T depositional continuum equivalent to greenstone-hosted
deposits . Ph.d. dissertation, University of Western Australia, 1992.
K. F. Cassidy and J. M. Bennett. Gold mineralisation at the Lady Bountiful Mine,
Western Australia: an example of a granitoid-hosted Archaean lode gold deposit.
Mineralium Deposita , 28:388–408, 1993.538 J.K. P ORTER
K. F. Cassidy, D. C. Champion, and L. A. I. Wyborn. A geochemical study of grani-
toids of the Boddington Gold Mine: ﬁnal report to SRK (Australasia) Ltd. Technical
report, Australian Geological Survey Organisation, 1998.
P . Cern ´y, R. Chapman, W. B. Simmons, and L. E. Chackowsky. Niobian rutile from
the McGuire granitic pegmatite, Park County, Colorado: Solid solution, exsolution,
and oxidation. American Mineralogist , 84:754–763, 1999.
D. A. Chebotarev, A. G. Doroshkevich, R. Klemd, and N. S. Karmanov. Evolu-
tion of Nb-mineralization in the Chuktukon carbonatite massif, Chadobets up-
land (Krasnoyarsk Territory, Russia). Periodico di Mineralogia , 86:99–118, 2017. doi:
10.2451/2017PM733.
D. J. Cherniak. Pb diffusion in rutile. Contributions to Mineralogy and Petrology , 139:
198–207, 2000. ISSN 00092541. doi: 10.1016/S0009-2541(00)00233-3.
D. J. Clark, B. J. Hensen, and P . D. Kinny. Geochronological constraints for a two-stage
history of the Albany-Fraser Orogen, Western Australia. Precambrian Research , 102:
155–183, 2000. ISSN 03019268. doi: 10.1016/S0301-9268(00)00063-2.
J. R. Clark and A. E. Williams-Jones. Rutile as a potential indicator mineral for meta-
morphosed metallic ore deposits. Technical report, Rapport Final de DIVEX, Sous-
projet SC2, Montreal, Canada, 2004.
G. K. Czamanske, E. R. Force, and W. J. Moore. Some geologic and potential resource
aspects of rutile in porphyry copper deposits. Economic Geology , 76:2240–2256, 1981.
F. Dachille, P . Y. Simons, and R. Rustum. PRESSURE-TEMPERATURE STUDIES OF
ANATASE, BROOKITE, RUTILE and TiO 2-II.The American Mineralogist , 53, 1968.
T. J. S. dos Santos, M. d. G. M. Garcia, W. S. Amaral, R. Caby, E. Wernick, M. H.
Arthaud, E. L. Dantas, and M. Santosh. Relics of eclogite facies assemblages in
the Cear ´a Central Domain, NW Borborema Province, NE Brazil: Implications forBibliography J.K. P ORTER 539
the assembly of West Gondwana. Gondwana Research , 15:454–470, 2009. ISSN 1342-
937X. doi: 10.1016/j.gr.2009.01.003.
T. J. S. dos Santos, W. d. S. Amaral, M. F. Ancelmi, M. Z. Pitarello, R. A. Fuck, and E. L.
Dantas. U–Pb age of the coesite-bearing eclogite from NW Borborema Province,
NE Brazil: Implications for western Gondwana assembly. Gondwana Research , 28:
1183–1196, 2015. ISSN 1342-937X. doi: 10.1016/j.gr.2014.09.013.
M. G. Doyle, I. R. Fletcher, J. Foster, R. R. Large, R. Mathur, N. J. McNaughton, S. Mef-
fre, J. R. Muhling, D. Phillips, and B. Rasmussen. Geochronological Constraints
on the Tropicana Gold Deposit and Albany-Fraser Orogen, Western Australia. Eco-
nomic Geology , 110:355–386, 2015.
P . Duuring, K. F. Cassidy, and S. G. Hagemann. Granitoid-associated oro-
genic, intrusion-related, and porphyry style metal deposits in the Archean Yil-
garn Craton, Western Australia. Ore Geology Reviews , 32:157–186, 2007. doi:
10.1016/j.oregeorev.2006.11.001.
J. J. Egozcue, V . Pawlowsky-Glahn, G. Mateu-Figueras, and C. Barcel ´o-Vidal. Isometric
Logratio Transformations for Compositional Data Analysis. Mathematical Geology ,
35:279–300, 2003.
A. K. Engvik and H. Austrheim. Formation of sapphirine and corundum in scapoli-
tised and Mg-metasomatised gabbro. Terra Nova , 22(3):166–171, 2010. ISSN
09544879. doi: 10.1111/j.1365-3121.2010.00929.x.
A. K. Engvik, A. Putnis, J. D. Fitz Gerald, and H. Austrheim. Albitization of Granitic
Rocks: the Mechanism of Replacement of Oligoclase By Albite. The Canadian Min-
eralogist , 46:1401–1415, dec 2008. ISSN 0008-4476. doi: 10.3749/canmin.46.6.1401.
A. K. Engvik, U. Golla-Schindler, J. Berndt, H. Austrheim, and A. Putnis. Intragranular
replacement of chlorapatite by hydroxy-ﬂuor-apatite during metasomatism. Lithos ,
112:236–246, oct 2009. ISSN 00244937. doi: 10.1016/j.lithos.2009.02.005.540 J.K. P ORTER
A. K. Engvik, K. Mezger, S. Wortelkamp, R. Bast, F. Corfu, A. Korneliussen, P . Ihlen,
B. Bingen, and H. Austrheim. Metasomatism of gabbro - mineral replacement and
element mobilization during the Sveconorwegian metamorphic event. Journal of
Metamorphic Geology , 29(4):399–423, may 2011. ISSN 02634929. doi: 10.1111/j.1525-
1314.2010.00922.x.
A. K. Engvik, B. Bingen, and A. Solli. Localized occurrences of granulite: P-T mod-
eling, U-Pb geochronology and distribution of early-Sveconorwegian high-grade
metamorphism in Bamble, South Norway. Lithos , 240-243:84–103, 2016. ISSN
18726143. doi: 10.1016/j.lithos.2015.11.005.
A. K. Engvik, F. Corfu, A. Solli, and H. Austrheim. Sequence and timing of min-
eral replacement reactions during albitisation in the high-grade Bamble lithotec-
tonic domain, S-Norway. Precambrian Research , 291:1–16, 2017. ISSN 03019268. doi:
10.1016/j.precamres.2017.01.010.
A. K. Engvik, H. Taubald, A. Solli, T. Grenne, and H. Austrheim. Dynamic Metasoma-
tism: Stable Isotopes, Fluid Evolution, and Deformation of Albitite and Scapolite
Metagabbro (Bamble Lithotectonic Domain, South Norway). Geoﬂuids , pages 1–23,
2018.
T. A. Ewing. Hf isotope analysis and U-Pb geochronology of rutile: Technique development
and application to a lower crustal section (Ivrea-Verban Zone, Italy) . PhD thesis, The
Australian National University, 2011.
M. Fern ´andez-Delgado, E. Cernadas, S. Barro, and D. Amorim. Do we need hundreds
of classiﬁers to solve real world classiﬁcation problems? J. Mach. Learn. Res. , 15(1):
3133–3181, Jan. 2014. ISSN 1532-4435.
J. M. Ferry and E. B. Watson. New thermodynamic models and revised calibrations
for the Ti-in-zircon and Zr-in-rutile thermometers. Contributions to Mineralogy and
Petrology , 154:429—-437, 2007. doi: 10.1007/s00410-007-0201-0.Bibliography J.K. P ORTER 541
K. M. Frater. Geology of the Golden Grove Prospect, Western Australia: A Vol-
canogenic Massive Sulﬁde-Magnetite Deposit. Economic Geology , 78:875–919, 1983.
M. Gebre-Mariam. The nature and genesis of Archaean mesozonal to epizonal gold deposits of
the Mt Pleasant area, near Kalgoorlie, Western Australia . Ph.d. dissertation, University
of Western Australia, 1994.
P . O. Gislason, J. A. Benediktsson, and J. R. Sveinsson. Random forests for land cover
classiﬁcation. Pattern Recognition Letters , 27:294–300, 2006. ISSN 01678655. doi:
10.1016/j.patrec.2005.08.011.
J. Graham and R. C. Morris. Tungsten- and antimony-substituted rutile. Mineralogical
Magazine , 39:470–473, 1973.
E. C. Grunsky. The interpretation of geochemical survey data. Geochemistry: Explo-
ration, Environment Analysis , 10:27–74, 2010. doi: 10.1144/1467-7873/09-210.
E. C. Grunsky and B. A. Kjarsgaard. Recognizing and Validating Structural Processes
in Geochemical Data. In 6th International Workshop on Compositional Data Analysis:
Girona, 1-7 de juny de 2015. , pages 1–25, Girona:Universitat de Girona, 2015.
E. C. Grunsky and B. A. Kjarsgaard. Recognizing and Validating Structural Processes
in Geochemical Data. In J. A. Martin-Fernandez and S. Thio-Henestrosa, editors,
Compositional Data Analysis , pages 85–116. Springer Proceedings in Mathematics
and Statistics, 187, 2016. ISBN 978-3-319-44811-4.
S. E. Haggerty. Upper mantle mineralogy. Journal of Geodynamics , 20(4):331–364, 1995.
P . W. Haines, M. T. D. Wingate, and C. L. Kirkland. Detrital Zircon U–Pb Ages from
the Paleozoic of the Canning and Ofﬁcer Basins, Western Australia: Implications
for Provenance and Interbasin Connections. In Western Australian Basins Symposium
2013 , pages 1–19, Perth, August 18-21, 2013.
J. M. Hammarstrom and E.-A. Zen. Aluminum in hornblende: an empirical igneous
geobarometer. American Mineralogist , 71:1297–1313, 1986. ISSN 0003004X.542 J.K. P ORTER
D. A. H. Hanaor and C. C. Sorrell. Review of the anatase to rutile phase trans-
formation. Journal of Materials Science , 46:855–874, 2011. ISSN 00222461. doi:
10.1007/s10853-010-5113-0.
D. E. Harlov. Pressure-temperature estimation in orthopyroxene-garnet bearing gran-
ulite facies rocks, Bamble Sector, Norway. Mineralogy and Petrology , 69:11–33, 2000.
ISSN 09300708. doi: 10.1007/s007100050017.
D. E. Harlov, H.-J. F ¨orster, and T. G. Njland. Fluid-induced nucleation of (Y + REE)-
phosphate minerals within apatite: Nature and experiment. Part I. Chlorapatite.
American Mineralogist , 87:245–261, 2002.
D. C. Harris. The Mineralogy and Geochemistry of the Hemlo Gold Deposit, Ontario.
Technical report, Geological Survey of Canada, Economic Geology Report 38, 1989.
E. Hart, C. Storey, S. L. Harley, and M. Fowler. A window into the lower
crust: Trace element systematics and the occurrence of inclusions/intergrowths in
granulite-facies rutile. Gondwana Research , 59:76–86, 2018. ISSN 1342-937X. doi:
10.1016/j.gr.2018.02.021.
S. E. Ho. A ﬂuid includion study of archaean gold deposits in the Yilgarn Block, Western
Australia . Ph.d. dissertation, University of Western Australia, 1986.
S. E. Ho, N. J. McNaughton, and D. I. Groves. Criteria for determining initial lead iso-
topic compositions of pyrite in Archaean lode-gold deposits: a case study at Victory,
Kambalda, Western Australia. Chemical Geology , 111:57–84, 1994.
P . Hodkiewicz. The Interplay Between Physical and Chemical Processes in the Formation of
World-Class Orogenic Gold Deposits in the Eastern Goldﬁelds Province, Western Australia .
Ph.d. dissertation, University of Western Australia, 2003.
P . F. Hodkiewicz, D. I. Groves, G. J. Davidson, R. F. Weinberg, and S. G. Hagemann. In-
ﬂuence of structural setting on sulphur isotopes in Archean orogenic gold deposits,Bibliography J.K. P ORTER 543
Eastern Goldﬁelds Province, Yilgarn, Western Australia. Mineralium Deposita , 44:
129–150, 2009. doi: 10.1007/s00126-008-0211-5.
J. A. Hollis, C. L. Kirkland, C. V . Spaggiari, I. M. Tyler, P . W. Haines, M. T. D. Wingate,
E. A. Belousova, and R. C. Murphy. Zircon U-Pb-Hf isotope evidence for links
between the Warumpi and Aileron Provinces, west Arunta region, Record 2013/9.
Geological Survey of Western Australia , 30 p, 2013.
S. P . Hollis, C. J. Yeats, S. Wyche, S. J. Barnes, T. J. Ivanic, S. M. Belford, G. J. Davidson,
A. J. Roache, and M. T. D. Wingate. A review of volcanic-hosted massive sulﬁde
(VHMS) mineralization in the Archaean Yilgarn Craton, Western Australia: Tec-
tonic, stratigraphic and geochemical associations. Precambrian Research , 260:113–
135, 2015. ISSN 0301-9268. doi: 10.1016/j.precamres.2014.11.002.
S. P . Hollis, D. R. Mole, P . Gillespie, S. J. Barnes, S. Tessalina, R. A. F. Cas, C. Hil-
drew, A. Pumphrey, M. D. Goodz, S. Caruso, C. J. Yeats, A. Verbeeten, S. M. Belford,
S. Wyche, and L. A. J. Martin. 2.7 Ga plume associated VHMS mineralization in the
Eastern Goldﬁelds Superterrane, Yilgarn Craton: Insights from the low temperature
and shallow water, Ag-Zn-(Au) Nimbus deposit. Precambrian Research , 291:119–142,
2017. ISSN 0301-9268. doi: 10.1016/j.precamres.2017.01.002.
L. S. Hollister, G. C. Grissom, E. K. Peters, H. H. Stowell, and V . B. Sisson. Conﬁrmation
of the empirical correlation of Al in hornblende with pressure of solidiﬁcation of
calc-alkaline plutons. American Mineralogist , 72:231–239, 1987. ISSN 0003004X.
K. Hron, M. Templ, and P . Filzmoser. Imputation of missing values for compositional
data using classical and robust methods. Computational Statistics and Data Analysis ,
54:3095–3107, 2010. ISSN 0167-9473. doi: 10.1016/j.csda.2009.11.023.
F. J. Humphreys. Review grain and subgrain characterisation by electron backscatter
diffraction. Journal of Materials Science , 36(16):3833–3854, Aug 2001. ISSN 1573-4803.
doi: 10.1023/A:1017973432592.544 J.K. P ORTER
D. L. Huston, D. C. Champion, and K. F. Cassidy. Tectonic Controls on the Endow-
ment of Neoarchean Cratons in Volcanic-Hosted Massive Sulﬁde Deposits: Evi-
dence from Lead and Neodymium Isotopes. Economic Geology , 100:11–26, 2014.
B. Jamtveit and H. Austrheim. Metamorphism: The role of ﬂuids. Elements , 6:153–158,
2010. ISSN 18115209. doi: 10.2113/gselements.6.3.153.
K. P . Jochum, U. Nohl, K. Herwig, E. Lammel, B. Stoll, and A. W. Hofmann. GeoReM:
A New Geochemical Database for Reference Materials and Isotopic Standards. Geo-
standards and Geoanalytical Research , 29(3):333–338, 2007.
K. P . Jochum, S. A. Wilson, W. Abouchami, M. Amini, J. Chmeleff, A. Eisenhauer,
E. Hegner, L. M. Iaccheri, B. Kieffer, J. Krause, W. F. Mcdonough, R. Mertz-kraus,
I. Raczek, R. L. Rudnick, D. Scholz, G. Steinhoefel, B. Stoll, A. Stracke, S. Tonarini,
D. Weis, U. Weis, and J. D. Woodhead. GSD-1G and MPI-DING Reference Glasses
for In Situ and Bulk Isotopic Determination. Geostandards and Geoanalytical Research ,
35(2):193–226, 2010. doi: 10.1111/j.1751-908X.2010.00114.x.
M. C. Johnson and M. J. Rutherford. Experimental calibration of the aluminium-
in-hornblende geobarometer with application to Long Valley caldera (California)
volcanic rocks. Geology , 17:837–841, 1989. ISSN 0091-7613. doi: 10.1130/0091-
7613(1989)017¡0837:ecotai¿2.3.co;2.
S. Jones. Contrasting structural styles of gold deposits in the Leonora Domain: evi-
dence for early gold deposition, Eastern Goldﬁelds, Western Australia. Australian
Journal of Earth Sciences , 61:881–917, 2014. doi: 10.1080/08120099.2014.948066.
C. Kirkland and M. Wingate. 177278: schistose metagreywacke, Bald Hill; Geochronol-
ogy Record 922. Geological Survey of Western Australia , 4p., 2010.
C. Kirkland, M. Wingate, and H. Howard. 174662: granophyre, Eliza Rocks;
Geochronology Record 909. Geological Survey of Western Australia , page 4, 2010.Bibliography J.K. P ORTER 545
C. Kirkland, M. Wingate, and C. Spaggiari. 194714: psammitic gneiss, Gnama Hill;
Geochronology Record 999. Geological Survey of Western Australia , 6p., 2011a.
C. Kirkland, M. Wingate, and C. Spaggiari. 182476: migmatitic gneiss, Big Red
prospect; Geochronology Record 1053. Geological Survey of Western Australia , pages
1–4, 2012.
C. Kirkland, M. Wingate, and H. Howard. 185415: dacite, Mount Palgrave;
Geochronology Record 1127. Geolocial Survey of Western Australia , 5p., 2013a.
C. Kirkland, M. Wingate, and C. Spaggiari. 192507: granitic gneiss, Bishops Road;
Geochronology Record 1088. Geological Survey of Western Australia , page 4, 2013b.
C. Kirkland, M. Wingate, H. Howard, R. Quentin De Gromard, and R. Smithies.
195231: biotite granite, Mount Elvire; Geochronology Record 1199. Geological Survey
of Western Australia , pages 1–4, 2014a.
C. Kirkland, M. Wingate, R. Quentin De Gromard, H. Howard, and R. Smithies.
195673: felsic granofels, Mount Waugh; Geochronology Record 1200. Geological
Survey of Western Australia , pages 1–4, 2014b.
C. Kirkland, M. Wingate, and C. Spaggiari. 194875: psammitic schist, Mount Ragged;
Geochronology Record 1220. Geological Survey of Western Australia , 6p., 2014c.
C. Kirkland, M. Wingate, and C. Spaggiari. 192531: metagranite, Atlantis prospect;
Geochronology Record 1181. Geological Survey of Western Australia , pages 1–4, 2014d.
C. Kirkland, M. Wingate, and C. Spaggiari. 194874: psammitic schist, Tower Peak;
Geochronology Record 1219. Geological Survey of Western Australia , 6p., 2014e.
C. Kirkland, M. Wingate, and C. Spaggiari. 194866: psammitic schist, The Diamonds
Hill; Geochronology Record 1218. Geological Survey of Western Australia , 7p., 2014f.546 J.K. P ORTER
C. Kirkland, M. Wingate, and C. Spaggiari. 182416: metasandstone, Rason Lake Road;
Geochronology Record 1156. Technical report, Geological Survey of Western Aus-
tralia, 2014g.
C. L. Kirkland, M. T. D. Wingate, C. V . Spaggiari, and I. M. Tyler. 184314: quartzite,
Lake Mackay; Geochronology Record 818. Geological Survey of Western Australia , 5
p., 2009a.
C. L. Kirkland, M. T. D. Wingate, C. V . Spaggiari, and I. M. Tyler. 184342: sandstone,
Alec Ross Range; Geochronology Record 819. Geological Survey of Western Australia ,
5 p., 2009b.
C. L. Kirkland, M. T. D. Wingate, C. V . Spaggiari, and I. M. Tyler. 184339: sandstone,
Pollock Hills; Geochronology Record 817. Geological Survey of Western Australia , 5p.,
2009c.
C. L. Kirkland, M. T. D. Wingate, C. V . Spaggiari, and I. M. Tyler. 184336: sandstone,
Pollock Hills; Geochronology Record 816. Geological Survey of Western Australia , 5p.,
2009d.
C. L. Kirkland, C. V . Spaggiari, M. J. Pawley, M. T. Wingate, R. H. Smithies, H. M.
Howard, I. M. Tyler, E. A. Belousova, and M. Poujol. On the edge: U–Pb, Lu–Hf,
and Sm–Nd data suggests reworking of the Yilgarn craton margin during forma-
tion of the Albany-Fraser Orogen. Precambrian Research , 187:223–247, 2011b. ISSN
03019268. doi: 10.1016/j.precamres.2011.03.002.
C. L. Kirkland, C. V . Spaggiari, R. H. Smithies, M. T. D. Wingate, E. A. Belousova,
Y. Gr ´eau, M. Sweetapple, R. Watkins, S. Tessalina, and R. Creaser. The afﬁnity of
Archean crust on the Yilgarn—Albany–Fraser Orogen boundary: Implications for
gold mineralisation in the Tropicana Zone. Precambrian Research , 266:260–281, 2015.
ISSN 0301-9268. doi: 10.1016/j.precamres.2015.05.023.
M. Klementov ´a and M. Rieder. Exsolution in niobian rutile from the pegmatite deposit
at Greenbushes, Australia. The Canadian Mineralogist , 42:1859–1870, 2004.Bibliography J.K. P ORTER 547
E. Kooijman, M. a. Smit, K. Mezger, and J. Berndt. Trace element systematics in
granulite facies rutile: Implications for Zr geothermometry and provenance stud-
ies. Journal of Metamorphic Geology , 30(4):397–412, 2012. ISSN 02634929. doi:
10.1111/j.1525-1314.2012.00972.x.
M. Kuhn. Building predictive models in R using the caret package. Journal of Statistical
Software , 28(5):1—-26, 2008. ISSN 10738746. doi: 10.1053/j.sodo.2009.03.002.
L. Kullerud and S. H. Dahlgren. Sm-Nd geochronology of Sveconorwegian granulite
facies mineral assemblages in the Bamble Shear Belt, South Norway. Precambrian
Research , 64:389–402, 1993. ISSN 03019268. doi: 10.1016/0301-9268(93)90089-K.
T. A. P . Kwak. The Geology and Geochemistry of the Zoned, Sn-W-F-Be Skarns at Mt.
Lindsay, Tasmania, Australia. Economic Geology , 78:1440–1465, 1983.
B. E. Leake. Nomenclature of amphiboles. The Canadian Mineralogist , 16:501–520, 1978.
ISSN 0026-461X. doi: 10.1180/minmag.1978.042.324.21.
D. J. Lieftink, T. G. Nijland, and C. Maijer. The behavior of rare-earth elements in high-
temperature Cl-bearing aqueous ﬂuids: results from the Ødeg ˚arden Verk natural
laboratory. The Canadian Mineralogist , 32:149–158, 1994.
Y. Lu, M. Wingate, and C. Kirkland. 199021: quartz – muscovite schist, Copperhead
mine; Geochronology Record 1422. Geological Survey of Western Australia , pages 1–4,
2017.
Y. Lu, M. Wingate, and D. Maidment. 189937: biotite monzogranite, Lewis Range;
Geochronology Record 1512. Geological Survey of Western Australia , pages 1–4, 2018.
K. R. Ludwig. User’s manual for Isoplot 3.75 - A geochronological toolkit for Microsoft
Excel. Berkeley Geochronology Centre Special Publication No. 5 , pages 1–75, 2001.
G. L. Luvizotto, T. Zack, H. P . Meyer, T. Ludwig, S. Triebold, A. Kronz, C. M ¨unker, D. F.
Stockli, S. Prowatke, S. Klemme, D. E. Jacob, and H. von Eynatten. Rutile crystals as548 J.K. P ORTER
potential trace element and isotope mineral standards for microanalysis. Chemical
Geology , 261:346–369, 2009a. ISSN 00092541. doi: 10.1016/j.chemgeo.2008.04.012.
G. L. Luvizotto, T. Zack, S. Triebold, and H. Von Eynatten. Rutile occurrence and
trace element behavior in medium-grade metasedimentary rocks: example from the
Erzgebirge, Germany. Mineralogy and Petrology , 97:233–249, 2009b. ISSN 09300708.
doi: 10.1007/s00710-009-0092-z.
V . G. Malkovets, D. I. Rezvukhin, E. A. Belousova, W. L. Griffen, I. S. Sharygin, I. G.
Tretiakova, A. A. Gibsher, S. Y. O’Reilly, D. V . Kuzmin, K. D. Litasov, A. M. Logvi-
nova, N. P . Pokhilenko, and N. V . Sobolev. Cr-rich rutile: A powerful tool for dia-
mond exploration. Lithos , 265:304–311, 2016. doi: 10.1016/j.lithos.2016.08.017.
G. Meinhold. Rutile and its applications in earth sciences. Earth-Science Reviews , 102:
1–28, 2010. ISSN 00128252. doi: 10.1016/j.earscirev.2010.06.001.
G. Meinhold, B. Anders, D. Kostopoulos, and T. Reischmann. Rutile chem-
istry and thermometry as provenance indicator: An example from Chios Is-
land, Greece. Sedimentary Geology , 203:98–111, 2008. ISSN 00370738. doi:
10.1016/j.sedgeo.2007.11.004.
M. Meyer, T. John, S. Brandt, and R. Klemd. Trace element composition of rutile
and the application of Zr-in-rutile thermometry to UHT metamorphism (Epupa
Complex, NW Namibia). Lithos , 126(3-4):388–401, 2011. ISSN 00244937. doi:
10.1016/j.lithos.2011.07.013.
E. J. Mikucki and J. R. Ridley. The hydrothermal ﬂuid of Archæan lode-gold deposits
at different metamorphic grades: compositional constraints from ore and wallrock
alteration assemblages. Mineralium Deposita , 28:469–481, 1993.
R. H. Mitchell. Primary and secondary niobium mineral deposits associated with
carbonatites. Ore Geology Reviews , 64:626–641, 2015. ISSN 0169-1368. doi:
10.1016/j.oregeorev.2014.03.010.Bibliography J.K. P ORTER 549
A. Mogessie, R. Tessadri, and C. B. Veltman. EMP-AMPH-A hypercard program to
determine the name of an amphibole from electron microprobe analysis according
to the International Mineralogical Association scheme. Computers and Geosciences ,
16:309–330, 1990. ISSN 00983004. doi: 10.1016/0098-3004(90)90066-3.
J. Moore, A. Beinlich, J. K. Porter, C. Talavera, J. Berndt, S. Piazolo, H. Austrheim, and
A. Putnis. Microstructurally controlled trace element (Zr, U–Pb) concentrations in
metamorphic rutile: An example from the amphibolites of the Bergen Arcs. Journal
of Metamorphic Geology , 38:103–107, 2019. doi: 10.1111/jmg.12514.
A. C. Morton and C. Hallsworth. Identifying provenance-speciﬁc features of detri-
tal heavy mineral assemblages in sandstones. Sedimentary Geology , 90(3):241 – 256,
1994. ISSN 0037-0738. doi: https://doi.org/10.1016/0037-0738(94)90041-8.
A. G. Mueller. The nature and genesis of high- and medium-temperature Archaean gold
deposits in the Yilgarn Block, Western Australia, including a speciﬁc study of scheelite-
bearing gold skarn deposits . Ph.d. dissertation, University of Western Australia, 1990.
A. G. Mueller and N. J. McNaughton. Mineral equilibria and zircon, garnet and titanite
U-Pb ages constraining the PTt path of granite-related hydrothermal systems at the
Big Bell gold deposit, Western Australia. Mineralium Deposita , 53:105–126, 2018. doi:
10.1007/s00126-017-0722-z.
A. G. Mueller, L. M. Lawrence, J. Muhling, and G. D. Pooley. Mineralogy and PTX Re-
lationships of the Archean South Au-Cu (Co-Bi) Deposit, Kalgoorlie, Western Aus-
tralia: Thermodynamic Constraints on the Formation of a Zoned Intrusion-Related
Skarn. Economic Geology , 107:1–24, 2012.
J. R. Muhling. The Narryer Gneiss Complex of the Yilgarn Block, Western Australia: a
segment of the Archean lower crust uplifted during Proterozoic orogeny. Journal of
Metamorphic Geology , 8:47–64, 1990.
D. Nelson. 112106: foliated monzogranite, Minyari. In Compilation of SHRIMP U–Pb550 J.K. P ORTER
zircon geochronology data, 1994 , number 1995/3, pages 222–225. Western Austraila
Geological Survey, 1995a.
D. Nelson. 91591: porphyritic rhyolite, Tangadee. In Compilation of SHRIMP U–Pb
zircon geochronology data, 1994 , number 1995/3, pages p. 5–8. Western Austraila Ge-
ological Survey, 1995b.
D. Nelson. 112175: volcaniclastic rock, north of Lake Rebecca. In Compilation of
SHRIMP U–Pb zircon geochronology data, 1995; Record 1996/5 , pages 59–62. Western
Australia Geological Survey, 1996.
D. Nelson. 127320: quartz granophyre, Mount Ada. In Compilation of SHRIMP U–
Pb zircon geochronology data, 1996, Record 1997/2 , pages 183–186. Western Australia
Geological Survey, 1997.
D. Nelson. 142842: volcaniclastic sedimentary rock, Nunyerry Gap. In Compilation of
SHRIMP U–Pb zircon geochronology data, 1997, Record 1998/2 , pages 59–62. Western
Australia Geological Survey, 1998a.
D. Nelson. 142815: foliated biotite monzogranite, Mount Eureka. In Compilation of
SHRIMP U–Pb zircon geochronology data, 1997, Record 1998/2 , pages 12–14. Western
Austraila Geological Survey, 1998b.
D. Nelson. 142661: foliated biotite tonalite, Zebra Hill. In Compilation of geochronology
data, 1997, Record 1998/2 , pages 96–98. Western Australia Geological Survey, 1998c.
D. Nelson. 168924: volcaniclastic sedimentary rock, Whim Creek Hotel. In Compilation
of geochronology data, Record 2001/2 , pages 164–167. Western Austraila Geological
Survey, 2000.
D. Nelson. 169026: volcaniclastic metasandstone, Lawson Well; Geochronology
dataset 61. In Compilation of geochronology data, June 2006 update , pages 4–8. Western
Austraila Geological Survey, 2004.Bibliography J.K. P ORTER 551
D. Nelson. 178083: metarhyolite, Gallop Well; Geochronology dataset 576. In Com-
pilation of geochronology data, June 2006 update . Western Australia Geological Survey,
2005a.
D. Nelson. 127238: felsic tuff, Anaconda copper mine; Geochronology dataset 577.
InCompilation of geochronology data, June 2006 update . Western Australia Geological
Survey, 2005b.
T. G. Nijland and J. L. R. Touret. Replacement of graphic pegmatite by graphic albite-
actinolite-clino pyroxene intergrowths (Mj ˚avatn, southern Norway). European Jour-
nal of Mineralogy , 13:41–50, 2001. ISSN 09351221. doi: 10.1127/0935-1221/.
T. G. Nijland, J. B. H. Jansen, and C. Maijer. Halogen geochemistry of ﬂuid during
amphibolite-granulite metamorphism as indicated by apatite and hydrous silicates
in basic rocks from the Bamble Sector, South Norway. Lithos , 30:167–189, 1993. ISSN
00244937. doi: 10.1016/0024-4937(93)90014-4.
T. G. Nijland, J. L. R. Touret, and D. Visser. Anomalously Low Temperature Or-
thopyroxene, Spinel, and Sapphirine Occurrences in Metasediments from the Bam-
ble Amphibolite-to-Granulite Facies Transition Zone (South Norway): Possible Evi-
dence for Localized Action of Saline Fluids. The Jounal of Geology , 106:575–590, 1998.
T. G. Nijland, D. E. Harlov, and T. Andersen. The Bamble Sector, South Nor-
way: A review. Geoscience Frontiers , 5:635–658, 2014. ISSN 16749871. doi:
10.1016/j.gsf.2014.04.008.
C. Paton, J. Hellstrom, B. Paul, J. Woodhead, and J. Hergt. Iolite: Freeware for the
visualisation and processing of mass spectrometric data. Journal of Analytical Atomic
Spectrometry , 26:2508, 2011. ISSN 0267-9477. doi: 10.1039/c1ja10172b.
T. H. Pearce. A Contribution to the Theory of Variation Diagrams. Contributions to
Mineralogy and Petrology , 19:142–157, 1968.552 J.K. P ORTER
E. U. Petersen. Tin in Volcanogenic Massive Sulﬁde Deposits: An Example from the
Geco Mine, Manitouwadge District, Ontario, Canada. Economic Geology , 81:323–342,
1986.
D. Plavsa, S. M. Reddy, A. Agangi, C. Clark, A. Kylander-Clark, and C. J. Tiddy.
Microstructural, trace element and geochronological characterization of TiO 2poly-
morphs and implications for mineral exploration. Chemical Geology , 476:130–149,
2018. ISSN 0009-2541. doi: 10.1016/j.chemgeo.2017.11.011.
J. Porter, N. J. McNaughton, N. J. Evans, and B. J. McDonald. Rutile as a pathﬁnder
for metals exploration. Ore Geology Reviews , 2020. ISSN 0169-1368. doi:
https://doi.org/10.1016/j.oregeorev.2020.103406.
J. K. Porter and H. Austrheim. Sulphide formation from granulite-facies S-rich scapo-
lite breakdown. Terra Nova , 29:29–35, 2017. doi: 10.1111/ter.12242.
A. Putnis. The Mechanism of Exsolution of Hematite From Iron-Bearing Rutile. Physics
and Chemistry of Minerals , 3:183–197, 1978.
A. Putnis and H. Austrheim. Fluid-induced processes: metasomatism and meta-
morphism. Geoﬂuids , 10:254–269, mar 2010. ISSN 14688115. doi: 10.1111/j.1468-
8123.2010.00285.x.
O. M. Rabbia, L. B. Hernandez, D. H. French, R. W. King, and J. C. Ayers. The El Te-
niente porphyry Cu-Mo deposit from a hydrothermal rutile perspective. Mineralium
Deposita , 44:849–866, 2009. doi: 10.1007/s00126-009-0252-4.
C. M. Rice, K. E. Darke, J. W. Still, and E. E. Lachowski. Tungsten-bearing rutile from
the Kori Kollo gold mine, Bolivia. Mineralogical Magazine , 62:421–429, 1998.
N. M. S. Rock and B. E. Leake. The International Mineralogical Association amphi-
bole nomenclature scheme: computerization and its consequences. Mineralogical
Magazine , 48:211–227, 1984. ISSN 09300708. doi: 10.1007/BF01164304.Bibliography J.K. P ORTER 553
D. R ¨osel, T. Zack, and S. D. Boger. LA-ICP-MS U-Pb dating of detrital rutile and zircon
from the Reynolds Range: A window into the Palaeoproterozoic tectonosedimen-
tary evolution of the North Australian Craton. Precambrian Research , 255:381–400,
2014. ISSN 03019268. doi: 10.1016/j.precamres.2014.10.006.
D. R ¨osel, T. Zack, and A. M ¨oller. Interpretation and signiﬁcance of combined trace
element and u–pb isotopic data of detrital rutile: a case study from late ordovician
sedimentary rocks of saxo-thuringia, germany. International Journal of Earth Sciences ,
Aug 2018. ISSN 1437-3262. doi: 10.1007/s00531-018-1643-5.
S. M. Rowins. A geochemical study of the late Proterozoic gold and copper mineralization in
the Telfer district, Western Australia, with a special emphasis on porphyry copper-gold-style
deposits . Ph.d. dissertation, University of Western Australia, 1994.
S. M. Rowins, D. I. Groves, N. J. McNaughton, M. R. Palmer, and C. S. Eldridge. A
Reinterpretation of the Role of Granitoids in the Genesis of Neoproterozoic Gold
Mineralization in the Telfer Dome, Western Australia. Economic Geology , 92:133–
160, 1997.
W. Salama, R. Anand, and M. Roberts. Cassiterite and rutile as indicator minerals for
exploring the VMS system. In AEGC 2018: Sydney, Australia , pages 1–4, 2018.
M. W. Schmidt. Amphibole composition in tonalite as a function of pressure: an exper-
imental calibration of the Al-in-hornblende barometer. Contributions to Mineralogy
and Petrology , 110:304–310, 1992. ISSN 00107999. doi: 10.1007/BF00310745.
A. J. Schwartz, M. Kumar, B. L. Adams, and D. P . Field. Electron backscatter diffraction
in materials science . Springer, 2009.
K. M. Scott. Phyllosilicate and rutile compositions as indicatiors of Sn specialization
in some southeastern Australian granites. Mineralium Deposita , 23:159–165, 1988.554 J.K. P ORTER
K. M. Scott. Rutile geochemistry as a guide to porphyry Cu–Au mineralization, North-
parkes, New South Wales, Australia. Geochemistry: Exploration, Environment, Analy-
sis, 5:247–253, 2005.
K. M. Scott and N. W. Radford. Rutile compositions at the Big Bell Au deposit as a
guide for exploration. Geochemistry: Exploration, Environment, Analysis , 7:353–361,
2007. ISSN 1467-7873. doi: 10.1144/1467-7873/07-135.
K. M. Scott, N. W. Radford, R. M. Hough, and S. M. Reddy. Rutile compositions in
the Kalgoorlie Goldﬁelds and their implications for exploration. Australian Journal
of Earth Sciences , 58:803–812, 2011. doi: 10.1080/08120099.2011.600334.
R. Sharpe and J. B. Gemmell. The Archean Cu-Zn Magnetite-Rich Gossan Hill
Volcanic-Hosted Massive Sulﬁde Deposit, Western Australia: Genesis of a Multi-
stage Hydrothermal System. Economic Geology , 97:517–539, 2002.
M. S. Skwarnecki. The regional setting and genesis of archaean mineralization at Harbour
Lights, Leonara, Western Australia . Ph.d. dissertation, University of Western Aus-
tralia, 1990.
D. C. Smith and E.-A. Perseil. Sb-rich rutile in the manganese concentrations at St .
Marcel-Praborna, Aosta Valley, Italy: petrology and crystal-chemistry. Mineralogical
Magazine , 61:655–669, 1997.
R. E. Smith. GOSSAN HILL Cu-Zn-Au DEPOSIT, GOLDEN GROVE, WESTERN AUS-
TRALIA. In K. CSIRO Exploration and Mining, editor, Regolith expression of Aus-
tralian ore systems , page 3. CRC LEME, Perth, 2003.
S. J. Smith, R. Stevens, S. Liu, G. Li, A. Navrotsky, and B. F. Boerio-Goates, Juliana,
Woodﬁeld. Heat capacities and thermodynamic functions of TiO 2anatase and
rutile: Analysis of phase stability. American Mineralogist , 94:236–243, 2009. doi:
10.2138/am.2009.3050.Bibliography J.K. P ORTER 555
D. J. Smythe, D. J. Schulze, and J. M. Brenan. Rutile as a Kimberlite Indicator Mineral:
Minor and Trace Element Geochemistry. In 9th International Kimberlite Conference
Extended Abstract No. 9IKC-A-00193, 2008 , 2008.
N. V . Sobolev and E. S. Yeﬁmova. Composition and Petrogenesis of Ti-Oxides As-
sociated with Diamonds. International Geology Review , 42:758–767, 2000. doi:
10.1080/00206810009465110.
F. H. B. Tallarico, N. J. McNaughton, D. I. Groves, I. R. Fletcher, B. R. Figueiredo, J. B.
Carvalho, J. L. Rego, and A. R. Nunes. Geological and SHRIMP II U-Pb constraints
on the age and origin of the Breves Cu-Au-(W-Bi-Sn) deposit, Caraj ´as, Brazil. Min-
eralium Deposita , 39:68–86, 2004. doi: 10.1007/s00126-003-0383-y.
R. Taylor, C. Clark, and S. M. Reddy. The effect of grain orientation on secondary ion
mass spectrometry (SIMS) analysis of rutile. Chemical Geology , 300-301:81–87, 2012.
ISSN 00092541. doi: 10.1016/j.chemgeo.2012.01.013.
K. Taylor-Jones and R. Powell. Interpreting zirconium-in-rutile thermometric re-
sults. Journal of Metamorphic Geology , 33:115–122, 2015. ISSN 15251314. doi:
10.1111/jmg.12109.
M. Templ, P . Filzmoser, and K. Hron. Robust imputation of missing values in compo-
sitional data using the r-package robcompositions. New Techniques and Technologies
for Statistics, Brussels , 2009.
M. Templ, K. Hron, and P . Filzmoser. robCompositions: an R-package for robust statistical
analysis of compositional data . John Wiley and Sons, 2011. ISBN 978-0-470-71135-4.
H. S. Tomkins, R. Powell, and D. J. Ellis. The pressure dependence of the zirconium-in-
rutile thermometer. Journal of Metamorphic Geology , 25:703–713, 2007. ISSN 02634929.
doi: 10.1111/j.1525-1314.2007.00724.x.
S. Triebold, H. von Eynatten, G. L. Luvizotto, and T. Zack. Deducing source
rock lithology from detrital rutile geochemistry: An example from the Erzge-556 J.K. P ORTER
birge, Germany. Chemical Geology , 244:421–436, 2007. ISSN 00092541. doi:
10.1016/j.chemgeo.2007.06.033.
S. Triebold, G. L. Luvizotto, R. Tolosana-Delgado, T. Zack, and H. von Eynatten. Dis-
crimination of TiO 2polymorphs in sedimentary and metamorphic rocks. Con-
tributions to Mineralogy and Petrology , 161:581–596, 2011. ISSN 00107999. doi:
10.1007/s00410-010-0551-x.
S. Triebold, H. von Eynatten, and T. Zack. A recipe for the use of rutile in sedimentary
provenance analysis. Sedimentary Geology , 282:268–275, 2012. ISSN 00370738. doi:
10.1016/j.sedgeo.2012.09.008.
J. W. Tukey. Exploratory Data Analysis . Addison-Wesley, Boston, 1977.
A. J. Urban, B. F. Hoskins, and I. E. Grey. Characterization of V-Sb-W-bearing rutile
from the Hemlo gold deposit, Ontario. Canadian Mineralogist , 30:319–326, 1992.
P . F. M. van Gaans, S. P . Vriend, and R. P . E. Poorter. Hydrothermal processes and shift-
ing element association patterns in the W-Sn enriched granite of Regoufe, Portugal.
Journal of Geochemical Exploration , 55:203–222, 1995.
M. R. Velo. Low-grade Prehnite-Pumpellyite facies metamorphism in the Bamble sec-
tor, SE-Norway. Master’s Thesis , 2014.
N. Vielreicher, D. Groves, N. McNaughton, and I. Fletcher. The timing of gold
mineralization across the eastern Yilgarn craton using U – Pb geochronology of
hydrothermal phosphate minerals. Mineralium Deposita , 50:391–428, 2015. doi:
10.1007/s00126-015-0589-9.
N. M. Vielreicher, D. I. Groves, L. W. Snee, I. R. Fletcher, and N. J. McNaughton.
Broad Synchroneity of Three Gold Mineralization Styles in the Kalgoorlie Gold
Field: SHRIMP , U-Pb, and40Ar/39Ar Geochronological Evidence. Economic Geol-
ogy, 105:187–227, 2010.Bibliography J.K. P ORTER 557
N. M. Vielreicher, D. I. Groves, and N. J. McNaughton. The giant Kalgoorlie
Gold Field revisited. Geoscience Frontiers , 7:359–374, 2016. ISSN 1674-9871. doi:
10.1016/j.gsf.2015.07.006.
J. K. Vry and J. A. Baker. LA-MC-ICPMS Pb-Pb dating of rutile from slowly cooled
granulites: Conﬁrmation of the high closure temperature for Pb diffusion in ru-
tile. Geochimica et Cosmochimica Acta , 70:1807–1820, 2006. ISSN 00167037. doi:
10.1016/j.gca.2005.12.006.
L. G. Wang, N. J. McNaughton, and D. I. Groves. An overview of the relationship
between granitoid intrusions and gold mineralisation in the Archaean Murchison
Province, Western Australia. Mineralium Deposita , 28:482–494, 1993.
I. Ward, K. Merigot, and B. I. A. McInnes. Application of quantitative mineralogical
analysis in archaeological micromorphology: a case study from barrow is., western
australia. Journal of Archaeological Method and Theory , 25(1):45–68, Mar 2018. ISSN
1573-7764. doi: 10.1007/s10816-017-9330-6.
E. B. Watson, D. A. Wark, and J. B. Thomas. Crystallization thermometers for zir-
con and rutile. Contributions to Mineralogy and Petrology , 151:413–433, 2006. ISSN
00107999. doi: 10.1007/s00410-006-0068-5.
C. Wilkins. A post-deformational, post-peak metamorphic timing for mineralization
at the Archaean Big Bell gold deposit, Western Australia. Ore Geology Reviews , 7:
439–483, 1993.
S. A. Williams and F. P . Cesbron. Rutile and apatite: Useful prospecting guides for
porphyry copper deposits. Mineralogical Magazine , 41:288–292, 1977. ISSN 0026-
461X. doi: 10.1180/minmag.1977.041.318.18.
M. Wingate and S. Bodorkos. 177910: metamorphosed quartz sandstone, Peters Dam;
Geochronology dataset 660. In Compilation of geochronology data . Western Australia
Geological Survey, 2007.558 J.K. P ORTER
M. Wingate, S. Bodorkos, and C. Kirkland. 177904: quartzite, Windmill Hill;
Geochronology dataset 740. In Compilation of geochronology data . Geological Survey
of Western Australia, 2008.
M. Wingate, S. Bodorkos, and M. Van Kranendonk. 180067: metamorphosed micro-
granite, Reedy Creek; Geochronology Record 810. Geological Survey of Western Aus-
tralia , 2009.
M. Wingate, C. Kirkland, and Haines. 143784: sandstone, Dovers Hills; Geochronol-
ogy Record 1109. Geological Survey of Western Australia , 6p., 2013a.
M. Wingate, C. Kirkland, and P . Haines. 143800: sandstone, Dinner Hill; Geochronol-
ogy Record 1111. Geological Survey of Western Australia , 6p., 2013b.
M. Wingate, C. Kirkland, and P . Haines. 143783: sandstone, Mu Hills; Geochronology
Record 1108. Geological Survey of Western Australia , 5p., 2013c.
M. Wingate, C. Kirkland, and P . Haines. 143747: pebbly sandstone, Pollock Hills;
Geochronology Record 1107. Geological Survey of Western Australia , 6p., 2013d.
M. Wingate, C. Kirkland, and P . Haines. 143741: sandstone, Angas Hills; Geochronol-
ogy Record 1106. Geological Survey of Western Australia , 5p., 2013e.
M. Wingate, C. Kirkland, P . W. Haines, and R. Hocking. 199424: sandstone, Empress
1; Geochronolgy Record 1113. Geological Survey of Western Australia , 5p., 2013f.
M. Wingate, C. Kirkland, P . W. Haines, and R. Hocking. 199423: sandstone, Empress
1; Geochronology Record 1112. Geological Survey of Western Australia , 6p., 2013g.
M. Wingate, C. Kirkland, and P . Haines. 199414: sandstone, Sir Frederick Range;
Geochronology Record 1190. Geological Survey of Western Australia , 6p., 2014a.
M. Wingate, C. Kirkland, and P . W. Haines. 199418: pebbly sandstone, Mu Hills;
Geochronology Record 1191. 6p., 2014b.Bibliography J.K. P ORTER 559
M. Wingate, C. Kirkland, and P . W. Haines. 199419: sandstone breccia, Mu Hills;
Geochronology Record 1192. Geological Survey of Western Australia , 5p., 2014c.
M. Wingate, C. Kirkland, and P . W. Haines. 199420: sandstone, Mu Hills; Geochronol-
ogy Record 1193. Geological Survey of Western Australia , 5p., 2014d.
M. Wingate, C. Kirkland, and C. Spaggiari. 192530: mylonitic metagranite, Hercules
prospect; Geochronology Record 1189. Geological Survey of Western Australia , page 4,
2014e.
M. Wingate, C. Kirkland, and I. Zibra. 155502: monzogranite dyke, Mundra Well.
Geological Survey of Western Australia , pages 1–4, 2014f.
M. Wingate, J. Hollis, and C. Phillips. 206184: metasandstone, Palm Springs;
Geochronology Record 1243. Geological Survey of Western Australia , 6p., 2015a.
M. Wingate, C. Kirkland, O. Blay, and S. Johnson. 206995: altered dolerite sill, Eden
Bore; Geochronology Record 1265. Geological Survey of Western Australia , pages 1–4,
2015b.
M. Wingate, C. Kirkland, O. Blay, and S. Johnson. 206994: altered dolerite sill, Eden
Bore; Geochronology Record 1264. Geological Survey of Western Australia , pages 1–4,
2015c.
M. Wingate, C. Kirkland, and P . Haines. 199408: sandstone, Dixon Range; Geochronol-
ogy Record 1258. Geological Survey of Western Australia , 6p., 2015d.
M. Wingate, C. Kirkland, and P . Haines. 199404: sandstone, Robert Range;
Geochronology Record 1257. Geological Survey of Western Australia , 6p., 2015e.
M. Wingate, C. Kirkland, and T. Ivanic. 198212: porphyritic monzogranite, Meroin
Rock; Geochronology Record 198212. Geological Survey of Western Australia , pages
1–4, 2015f.560 J.K. P ORTER
M. Wingate, Y. Lu, C. Kirkland, and C. Spaggiari. 194840: metamonzogranite, Thistle
Cove; Geochronology Record 1327. Geological Survey of Western Australia , pages 1–4,
2016.
M. Wingate, Y. Lu, C. Kirkland, and S. Romano. 207505: granodiorite, Magnetite
Island prospect; Geochronology Record 1367. Geological Survey of Western Australia ,
pages 1–4, 2017.
T. Zack, A. Kronz, S. F. Foley, and T. Rivers. Trace element abundances in rutiles from
eclogites and associated garnet mica schists. Chemical Geology , 184:97–122, 2002.
ISSN 00092541. doi: 10.1016/S0009-2541(01)00357-6.
T. Zack, R. Moraes, and A. Kronz. Temperature dependence of Zr in rutile: empirical
calibration of a rutile thermometer. Contributions to Mineralogy and Petrology , 148:
471–488, 2004a. ISSN 0010-7999. doi: 10.1007/s00410-004-0617-8.
T. Zack, H. von Eynatten, and A. Kronz. Rutile geochemistry and its potential use
in quantitative provenance studies. Sedimentary Geology , 171:37–58, 2004b. ISSN
00370738. doi: 10.1016/j.sedgeo.2004.05.009.
T. Zack, D. F. Stockli, G. L. Luvizotto, M. G. Barth, E. Belousova, M. R. Wolfe, and R. W.
Hinton. In situ U-Pb rutile dating by LA-ICP-MS:208Pb correction and prospects for
geological applications. Contributions to Mineralogy and Petrology , 162:515–530, 2011.
ISSN 00107999. doi: 10.1007/s00410-011-0609-4.
Every reasonable effort has been made to acknowledge the owners of copyright
material. I would be pleased to hear from any copyright owner who has been omitted
or incorrectly acknowledged.